returns a list of available indexes .
attaches deserializers to a method .
get a user for the given id token .
convert logic .
decodes text thats html quoted .
retrieve enrollment attribute array .
used to remove a service .
create the subtitle path from the given video path using language if multi .
create or update the resource if appropriate .
returns a table field definition that can be passed to database .
given a iterable of messages and reactions stitch reactions into messages .
retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
decorator to smartly _sympify function arguments @ _sympifyit def add : in add .
add specific user to a list .
automatically fill out the legend based on series labels .
ascii pretty-printing .
return a list of fixed points for the discrete dynamical system represented by the digraph g .
custom method to select recipients for an alert .
stores password as system_metadata items .
lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* .
convert the `` offset or limit '' clause of a select construct to an integer .
this function is called from scheduler deletes backups older than 7 days takes backup .
find all flaky tests in the given suites .
we only deal with solaris specific version of at .
yaml : env-file add or override environment variables to the whole build process requires the jenkins : jenkins-wiki : environment file plugin < envfile+plugin > .
make the input impossible to broadcast in the specified axes .
read the flags from a dictionary and return them in a usable form .
tries to get the pid of a server .
get issues list .
construct new rational function field returning .
variadic version of concat .
initialize newconfig from a deprecated configuration file possible changes : * * * .
format and print header block sized to length of line .
create a new jinja2 environment .
post-load hook function to be called after each page is loaded .
this test that the gemm optimizer remove the dot22 that was present in the graph .
return a list of normalized combinations for a bcp 47 language tag .
get the widened loop .
get the repository constructor .
parse a bytes string into a message object model .
replacement for django .
converts plain text into html with links .
template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
return the nth moment of a random expression about c i .
build a deeper cnn model .
generate the .
move tasks by matching from a task_name : queue mapping .
returns a tuple 9onrows .
breaks seq into a generator of lists with length size .
make sure directory exists with proper permissions .
make the signal .
determines if expiration is about to occur .
given a list x a sample of length n of that list is returned .
check a wamp connecting endpoint configuration .
common code for config .
perform a full-text search on the musicbrainz search server .
returns an icon name based on the filename .
return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal .
convert a document into a list of tokens .
get new derivation .
writes /usbkey/config .
compile a function that calls fnclex to workround URL .
return an html document that renders zero or more bokeh documents or models .
returns list of all language objects filled up by default values .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
show details about the given keypair .
display the currently set network time server .
return a |document| object loaded from *docx* .
recursively convert item to a string .
load module only if cx_oracle installed .
decrypt with aes in cbc mode .
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
creates the inception v4 model .
return all job queues currently in use .
utility method for ssh .
retrieve pickle from pickled string .
returns encoding from given http header dict .
create a new .
check to see if a file storage is local .
compare the current sessions against the given template .
deserialize data from file .
return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple .
displays all alleyoop compatible workflows .
fetches all composite indices in the datastore for this app .
return referer http header suitable for logging .
return the .
get all instance actions for the provided instance .
generate client and server curve certificate files .
get user information .
add the object info if it is carvable .
test the included api_key based header to ensure it works as expected to allow x-api-key based authentication .
yaml : text a text parameter .
mangle attributes .
check the arity of a relation .
compute the various forms of knowledge compilation used by the assumptions system .
single transaction view page .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste .
returns true if given task should be run in parallel mode .
converts x into a .
