get application indexes .
attaches serializers to a method .
returns the token value for a clientlogintoken .
converts a sql expression with a particular type .
gets rid of < and > and & and .
retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
deregisters a node .
get the subtitle path using the <unk> and language .
update a resource queue .
returns an integerfield .
given a set of message strings discard any redundant messages which are simple a substring of the existing ones .
display the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
decorator to _sympify arg argument for function func dont use directly -- use _sympifyit instead .
remove specific user from a list .
provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line .
helper function for pretty printing .
returns the number of points in g .
based on alerts .
stores password as system_metadata items .
lookup an ipv6 record for a given ipv6 address .
convert the given value to an `` offset or limit '' clause .
create a backup back in the cassandra directory .
find all tests that can be run .
only work when cabal-install is installed .
yaml : inject inject an environment for the job .
make the input broadcastable in the specified axes .
retrieves the list of flagged items for each flag .
returns the pid of a process .
get a list of the issues from the github api .
construct new rational function field returning ( field .
concatenate zero or more iterables .
read old routing configuration file .
print a content-type like header .
create a new jinja2 environment .
helper to get/create a function that raises a warning .
test that bn bricks work in convolutionalsequences .
return a list of normalized combinations for a bcp 47 language tag .
get the loops which are intersecting or which it is within .
get new repository .
read a binary file and parse its contents into a message object model .
decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
converts plain text into html with links .
template settings for myanmar - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i .
convolution 3d .
generate the filters file .
find tasks by name .
group a list of attribute attributes .
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
make a directory if it does not already exist .
make the signal .
determine when a fresh token should expire .
returns an iterator of k folds .
validate endpoint segment .
open a git command .
open an entity by name .
returns the extension in the given filename .
return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
return true if doc is only true .
get new derivation .
writes the given parameter config into the config file .
compile sass .
return an html document that embeds bokeh model or document objects .
returns a list of languages for the specified site .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
print a keypair given its name .
get the current system time .
return a document .
return a json representation of a python object .
only load this module if twilio is installed on this minion .
decrypt and return data with aes .
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
inception model from url `` rethinking the inception architecture for computer vision '' christian szegedy .
return a list of all job queues .
attempt to find the first matching the given cluster .
unpickles a string .
returns encodings from given http header dict .
create a pipeline .
returns true if path looks like a storage object .
make sure the given fake session was closed .
load json object from path .
return the number of cones in the tree beyond the known lower bounds .
displays all available updates .
get the indices of the drop table .
takes a request and returns the corresponding string .
return the path with its extension replaced by ext .
get all instance actions for the provided uuid .
generate and save keys for an example directory .
get group information .
process the object info if it is carvable .
test to ensure hug provides basic_auth handler works as expected .
yaml : string a string parameter .
mangle identifier with numba type objects .
first element in the list .
compute manageiq facts .
account view page .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
return true if the task overrides attr .
converts x into a .
