returns a listindexesresponse .
attaches serializers to a method .
validate the oauth token and set endpoints auth user variables .
this method will replace ok .
escape text to proper xml form .
retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
deregisters a node .
get the subtitle path using the video_path and language .
checks a resource .
custom formstyle for field types .
create a list of messages .
retrieve the highstate data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
decorator to use a function argument to use .
remove specific user from a list .
provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line .
unicode pretty-printing .
iterator over isolates in the graph .
collects the alert for the given alert for this version .
stores password as system_metadata items .
lookup an a record for a given *name* .
given a string .
run a given document .
a generator for annotations .
confirm this module is on a debian based system .
yaml : inject inject an environment for the job .
make the input broadcastable in the specified axes .
retrieves all flags from the flags file or none .
returns the pid of one process in one .
get pull request list .
construct new rational function field returning ( field .
apply zero or more iterables .
read a new config .
print header .
create a new jinja2 environment .
callback function that will be automatically parsed from django .
this is the test .
return a list of normalized combinations for a bcp 47 language tag .
get the loops which are intersecting or which it is within .
get new repository .
read a binary file and parse its contents into a message object model .
decorator that accepts a list of permission names .
converts plain text into html with links .
template settings for myanmar - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
return the covariance of a random expression about its mean i .
train an image from a graph .
generate a matrix that is .
download a task link to its name .
return a list of label labels for the attributes of c { y } .
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
create a directory if it exists .
make the signal .
return number of longest password .
detects and sample from a polynomial x n .
merge the endpoint .
get a set of value from a value .
run a query on the servicenow table .
parse file metadata .
takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
given a given document .
get new derivation .
writes storage config file to config .
install fnclex before fmod calls .
return an html page that embeds html model class .
returns a list of fallback languages for the given language .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
delete keypair given by its name .
get the current system time .
return a document .
use json to serialize python objects for db storage .
only load if python-memcache is installed .
decrypt and return data with aes cbc .
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
creates the inception resnet v2 model .
get all job queues .
validate that the list of service exists .
un-serialize in one step .
returns encodings from given http header dict .
delete a pipeline .
check if a storage object is a storage storage .
check the list of sessions for the test .
load manifest .
return the number of cones in the tree beyond the known lower bounds .
displays all available updates .
tries to use the request type URL .
takes a request .
return the path with its extension replaced by ext .
retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
run ironhouse example .
returns certificate information from amazon .
add the object info if it is carvable .
test to ensure hug provides basic_auth handler works as expected .
yaml : string a string parameter .
mangle c name of an attribute sequence .
from a list of abiquoresponse .
strongly inspired from idlelib .
account view page .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
returns the wsgi filter for use with paste .
primary single-host work body of parallel .
converts x into a .
