get application indexes .
mark a function or method as a method .
returns the access token for the provided token .
takes a sql expression and is a retry decorator .
use escaped text to make it safe for html .
retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
deregisters a node .
get the subtitle path using the <unk> and language .
update a resource queue .
returns an integerfield .
create a list of message strings for a set of messages .
display the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
decorator to _sympify arg argument for function func dont use directly -- a function .
add new user to list .
create a legend for a legend .
helper function for pretty printing .
returns the number of points in g .
based on alerts - do not add cors access to the alert of vulnerability .
stores password as system_metadata items .
lookup an ipv6 record for a given ipv6 address .
return an integer within range .
create a backup back on the local backup .
find all participants test within the given test .
only work when cabal-install is installed .
yaml : environment variables to define build step .
apply the specified axes filter to the specified axes .
retrieve flags from list and flag processes .
reads the running process with the given pid .
get a list of issues from the github api .
construct new rational function field returning ( field .
concatenate zero or more iterables .
reads input based on different types .
print a header line to the given line .
create a new jinja2 environment .
helper to get/create a hook .
test that the output of the h_softmax when there is no more batch size .
return a list of normalized combinations for a bcp 47 language tag .
get the loops which are intersecting or which it is within .
get new repository .
construct an appropriate message from the given string .
decorator that checks if the user has the given permission .
converts plain text into html with links .
template settings for myanmar - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
computes the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i .
define an inference network .
generate the checks performed file .
find tasks by name .
remove all attributes from attributes .
returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
make sure that directory permissions are in the given directory .
make the signal .
returns a list of header combinations for a given datetime .
returns an iterator of k folds .
validate endpoints endpoint .
open a git command .
open an entity according to a dict .
returns a mime type containing the extension in the file extension .
return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* .
parse the given string to become commas .
get new derivation .
takes a config file and writes it to a list of configuration files .
compile sass .
return an html page with the sampled links for each page .
returns a list of languages objects associated with the given site .
returns the table object for the images table that corresponds to the images table definition of this version .
print a keypair given its name .
get the current system time .
return a document in the given document .
return a json serializable dict .
only load this module if twilio is installed on this minion .
decrypt and return data with aes .
returns true if the we can write a file to the supplied path and subsequently write a xattr to that file .
inception model from url `` rethinking the inception architecture for computer vision '' christian szegedy .
return a list of all job queues .
setup the cluster and just an associated cluster .
unpickles a string .
returns encodings from given http header dict .
create a pipeline .
returns true if storage instance is a storage instance .
compare the given session and session .
try to load a json file from path .
return the number of cones in the epoch .
check we have no links or category .
get the indices of the drop table .
raise a str based on the current request .
return the path portion of a file extension .
get all instance actions for the given uuid .
generate and save keys for stonehouse example directory .
get information user .
process the object info if it is carvable .
test to ensure its possible to route a certain api key .
yaml : string a node parameter .
mangle identifier with numba type objects .
first element in a list .
compute known facts args : facts : existing facts returns : dict : the facts dict updated with the generated one .
account view page .
implements the main method running this http lb test .
returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
return true if the task overrides attr .
converts x into a .
