handles return to server configuration page request .
displays the information line label .
releases the data that is no longer available
adds a key - value mapping .
adds a list of documents to the query predicate .
write full text to the output stream .
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
enable / disable the triggering event .
computes the location on a great circle path ( line of constant azimuth ) meters . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the location , not elliptical .
write directory post resource post
quote a string by another file .
stop the src speed
checks if we have sampled for eviction in cluster . so , we can only happen before calling this method .
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
sets the supplied calendar object information makes it easier to midnight makes it easier to compare at just the day level
repeats the specified quantile times .
creates a properties object containing the properties from the given url .
get an empty immutable array .
ensures that the connection is established .
creates an array signature from the given type .
returns the long name corresponding to the given method name and method .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
signal to disable group button .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
calculate the location of the two widgets
read configurations configuration file .
called internally to fill the given menu . if a sub menu is seen , it will call this recursively .
determines if the given term is a plain term
check if given string is not in a array .
deletes a directory recursively .
parse background color string .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
get the maximum radius of the ellipse
calculates the sum of the mean estimator , using the arithmetic mean estimator
returns the next index in the list .
add a header column .
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
writes vector of opaque values
return the passed in value as a string .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of elements stored in the iterator .
add / update the audio view id
sets the m parameter .
remove a text listener
update the traffic contained in the traffic
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in a populated srdf group .
checks the given bucket name valid for the specified bucket name .
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine
remove all duplicate devices that are currently registered .
removes the leading quotes option if it exists
bring the given annotation to the intersection . that annotation will be drawn behind all other annotations as well as recieve events last .
add volumes to consistency group .
builds the volumes used to find any configured valid prefixes .
encode double ( 64 bit ) in little endian format .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
write log file in xml format to disk .
loads a new image loader from the url
stream items with a blocking iterator .
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
analyze the class and perform for all fields that match the specified class name .
emit a number of bytes until the next task is reached .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
adjust creature based on the supplied data
non - dom : check for valid xml characters as per the xml version
read a signed 16 bit value
split implementation of pages by pages .
tests comparison of different number of attributes .
deserialization object from file .
internal method to handle the positions of the positions of the iff that are not positions in the original position and the changes .
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
check if a type has an async type of misc equipment
disables all buttons in the interface
returns true if computefreshnesslifetime remember a cached response .
retrieves all mailbox dump requests from the given start date .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
analyze the cleanup and events from the specified map
load the lts from the given reader .
add a static view to appear at the start of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
saves persistent properties to a file .
set up for the tab closing animation
return real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
write packet validation to buffer .
construct a cuboid in the given world name and xyz co - ordinates .
starts a connection to the server .
removes a group from this language .
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
create and return the error file
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
tests whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
save the indexes to the temporary list .
show the initial image frame and show the image stack .
pack from string into array .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
