returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
compute the union size of two bitsets .
test 2 keys with candidates in reverse order .
handle a closing event under the ok tab .
returns a description of the rule .
returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the this sector and another . the new sector ' s minimum latitude and longitude will be the minimum of the two sectors . the new sector ' s maximum latitude and longitude will be the maximum of the two
returns true if the given value is equal to the given double value .
integer value of a positive bigdecimal
main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy .
get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field .
divide with invalid rounding mode
called whenever the renderer changes to a dataset changes .
schedule the schedule scheduler .
returns true if the given type is a string , false if it is not .
api method . update the rtf entry , or return null if not .
validates syntax of query parameters .
converts to object array .
is this logger instance enabled for the fine level ?
check if player is a valid device
create a new matcher based on configuration values .
determines the maximum level of all edges that have not been set by the given level .
ask to the user for retyping the pass code just entered before saving it as the current pass code .
rolls back the worker thread creation . - removes worker from workers , if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination , in case the existence of this worker was holding up termination
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) . tests insert . . . select with expressions in select query
registers a map entry to disk and writing it to the disk .
receive notification of the end of an element .
send a fatal error log message
removes the specified element at the specified position of the tree .
returns a string representation of this vector .
validate all components , and return true if valid .
build the final bitmap - pieces to draw in animation
unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
run the head of the queue
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
aggregates results from the current matrix .
blocks the state of this request all visible volumes to be committed .
starts the additional hashing thread .
updates the view page .
paints the image on the window .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name
it checks if the tag is prefixed ( contains the character ' : ' ) .
releases any resources that may be called including the connection .
adds a actions to the quickactionview
adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
calculates the needed angle for a given value
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a new instance .
concatenates a string with the first char sequence
sends all data to the http get request
notify listeners that the state has changed
test for getorder ( ) method
formats and logs a message with a throwable .
constructs the redis key queue in the queue .
decodes a string back into its original form using the specified string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
adds specified domain name to the list of permitted domains
create a new instance
tests fail : always returns false , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive case not supported .
compute the interface hash of a plaintext document .
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream . leaves the stream open when done .
does this item have any items loaded yet ?
render the frame data into a given file .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml namespaces 1 . 0 recommendation
appends the specified element to the end of this list .
prepare the dataset required for running test cases
helper method that builds the extension service .
check whether the value is a json array .
recovers the primary dispatcher of a primary .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
removes the recurrence from persistant store .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
return true if the current time was last passed in query .
creates a new , empty document .
services a commandline request .
converts to byte array .
parses a css style string according to style properties .
gets the next option of the stream .
using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for ceph hlu is not applicable
insert object into a set of heap items .
write a graphic to the printout . < p > this was not in the original class , but was added afterwards by bob jacobsen . modified by d miller . < p > the image is positioned on the right side of the paper , at the current height
put the source tree root node in the document cache . todo : this function needs to be a lot more sophisticated .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
copy a resource to a output stream
starts new audio file located in the specified path
draw the canvas background .
loads the specified class .
add a number to zero
sets the gps timestamp of the according to its binary representation .
cell the circle of events .
read a single character . this method will block until a character is available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached . < p / > < p > subclasses that intend to support efficient single - character input should override
this function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value . uses drawline ( ) method to create the y axis and lines to show breakdown of y axis and drawtext ( ) method to plot labels related with breakdowns
get the maximum value of the attribute .
prints a file for security manager , based on whether the specified los has been enabled .
extends the remaining batches of this rule .
consumes the supplied pattern for the given pattern .
test meta data functions that return types from the table model .
this method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache , other wise get from cache
removes a listener from the set of listeners
returns what the serialization specification calls " descriptor " given a field signature .
adds a new parameters to the post request body .
creates an annotation object .
a resource has been set .
a service wrapper for the createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
construct a new pattern .
compute the intersection of two line segments .
method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed .
get the unix timestamp of a unix timestamp
check if the key is not supported
draws the grid background
opens a stream to an entry in the jar .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
start the work of the dialog .
this overridden method checks to see if the buffered omgraphiclist is created , and then returns a subset of omgraphics that are actually on the map . if the buffered omgraphiclist hasn ' t been created yet , it gets created here .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
returns true if the specified field is a valid field .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance = - 1
creates a cleanup for the given user .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
convert from uri to internal code
load the lts from the given reader .
calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .
determines the width of this view
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
called when the object is added to the queue .
returns the localized string of a number .
transforms multiple paths will all matrices .
decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
item will slide from bottom of the screen to its natural position .
creates a new compact object from the given integer .
handle request sent with a wrong binding
creates a new validator , with the specified network and parameters .
load from the store .
writes a string to the output stream and returns true if this buffered was closed .
inserts parameter value into a map .
returns the minimum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains .
w / o w . h .
select the select state of the adapter .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
ignorable whitespace . for this method to be called , the document should be followed by the document .
waits for the editor file to be added to the active wallet .
finds the maximum value of the population , containing the objective boundary of the population fitness .
converts a native space to a host configuration .
registers a callback handler for a specific notification .
parses an ascii property list from an input stream .
current implementation of the elements in the vector
creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator , using a given set of documents for training .
internal method for checking a link from the given string
test the generator of a set of samples over the distribution and a g - test using a g - test
checks that the given value is valid for x and y .
measure and layout all currently visible children .
process an incoming connection
gets the percent of values below the specified range .
quietly closes given closeable object ( stream ) in a safe way : check if it is null and catch - log exception thrown .
releases the live page
adds a new event listener to this dialog .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
converts a string to a byte array
loads the specified properties using the classpath .
tests whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
actions a pull event
mapping the mapping at the specified object in this mapping .
parse a string template from the template file .
find the differences between two texts . simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or suffix off the texts before diffing .
constructs a new repository instance .
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
index down the document at the given index .
reset all common components before parsing
update the volume with the new name .
handles an exception that occurred during installation .
reads the default serializable field values for this object .
paint the arrow in enabled state .
logs a thrown exception .
convert a small bigdecimal to biginteger
called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed .
is the absolute arguments currently ?
setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing . tests if crls with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlnumber criteria , if specified maxcrl value matches the selector , and if crl with inappropriate crlnumber value does not match the selector .
execute the context menu depending on the mouse event .
removes a task from the list .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
ensures that the path string exists in a directory .
utility method to load a class from a class .
determines the height of this view
this only checks clipping along the bottom edge .
creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
adds the specified item to the end of the array .
checks to see if the message is pending .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
calculate the final image for this future
test for verifying that contents of " untyped " homogenous arrays are properly handled ,
closes the callback to be invoked when closing the callback .
static version of indexof , to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each time .
populate existing list of profiles from multiple profiles
checks the header of a file .
absolute value of quadrature component
determines the type of the global extremum .
returns oid for algname
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
refills the input buffer .
processes mouse events and responds to clicks .
add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
determines whether there are no more tables in the given database .
classifies the given feature strings .
this binds the holder and bind the holder to this holder .
updates the list of line .
creates a rectangle of given half half width and half height , centered on ( x , y ) .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
replace the elements with another element .
called to start adding an item to an item list .
get the initial split number of split records .
if the event was clicked , centers the mouse event .
scan source files to be set .
returns true if there is another postponed route to try .
returns whether this element has a single element .
create igfs path from file
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value
returns the remainder of ' reader ' as a string , closing it when done .
adds the necessary properties to the target class
mark the current entry in this registry .
default method - returns " input "
handles the state of the specified endpoint .
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri
initializes new values with the given settings file values .
checks if the input string contains only characters .
checks if any of a segment string contains the segment intersections
removes the first occurrence , starting at the beginning and moving towards the end , of the specified object from this vector . all elements with an index bigger than the element that gets removed have their index decreased by 1 .
returns a copy of operator after the operator
add or remove a column definitions for the string .
utility method that implements data binding ' s logic to convert a file name to a java class name
a function that generates random aes & hmac keys and prints out exceptions but doesn ' t throw them since none should be encountered . if they are encountered , the return value is null .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
execute a sql statement .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
refreshes the description of the event
create the migration task editor .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
accepts an ipv4 address of the form xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx , ie 192 . 168 . 0 . 1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer .
close the given cursor and remove it from the map
check whether there are further matches the next pattern .
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the stack .
a helper method to parse a string .
adds the specified item to the end of the array .
notify unsuccessful completion of the operation
transform an xsl - fo streamsource to the specified output format .
splits the input string based on the default delimiter
reads as much data as possible without blocking . relies on inputstream . ready method . in case of doubts look at # readavailableblocking
removes the passed in representation of the provided map .
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
creates a new unmanagedvolume .
checks the coverage that a regular expression is structurally .
finds the values out of a property .
returns the first index of elt in the array if < len , else - 1 .
appends a list of long value to a list of strings .
compares the argument to this certificate . if both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal .
appending the between clause .
convert a subsection of a string to a bytebuffer .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
return a histogram that keeps a gts measurement at a given timestamp .
this function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
recursively assign node weights .
creates a new instance of searchengine
adds a field to this query .
combines two functions which are equal if they are equal to one .
build the schema for schema .
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
creates a new stream info object .
convert the sentence to words .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
output the sql type for a java short .
breaks a string to multiple strings .
write all modified favorites to the data stream .
update the last time .
validate the list of calculating the error fields .
key store the renderer .
creates a new object .
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
parses a delimited string into a list of strings .
lays out the layout .
returns whether the server is currently running .
creates a default mosaic definition .
create a result set .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
checks if the specified component is in the currently selected component .
adds a listener for internal items
the " safe " square root of the input value , handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value .
runs callable object in specified number of threads .
emit a character buffer .
initializes persistent fields with naming .
construct a select statement suitable for use in a group of select statements that will be joined through union operators in buildunionquery .
creates a node with the given values .
increases the number of elements that have passed since the last time was added .
reverts the list of file paths
concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array .
construct a mixed iterator that contains at the end of the tags
positions the parents of a tree in the root folder if necessary .
returns true if the file can be read .
writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset . assumes the array has space to hold count bytes .
notify concrete item removed
normal distribution pdf ( with function )
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
adds a new zoom listener .
removes all phi instructions from the graph .
fire when an annotation has been changed .
updates the prediction stats and returns whether prediction is allowed . the policy is : 1 . if the client does not wait more than mdelayms , decline the request . 2 . if the client waits for more than mdelayms but less than 2 * mdelayms , accept the
authenticates the received message . called by the server when message m1 failed .
handle a text event .
removes the given uri from the service .
transforms a reference string into a possible enumeration value .
constructs an escapedwriter around the given writer .
returns true if this cookie has expired .
records the hierarchy record .
check whether the given method is correct .
add a number to zero
resets the metadata property .
\ brief distance ( a , b )
checks if the backup is encrypted .
converts a string to lower case .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
builds and returns a opus comment .
asserts that the given property name is received with the expected properties .
returns the number of attribute values .
converts a string to uppercase .
return an iterator over the edges that match the given edges .
unlocks the specified lock .
creates and returns a string formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a java doc header .
force a number to the second number .
adds an item to the list of observations with a specific name .
finds a jpa entity by its primary key .
load workflw and initialize the session attributes .
returns a hash code value for this object .
removes the from tags .
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code . calling when enabled = = false is undefined ( probably library not loaded )
recursively delete the webapp directory .
check that order of the expected order .
fire finished percentage with a specific percentage .
generate a random host name based on the vm name .
transfer a text file transfer into the transfer object .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
unwraps expression into a string .
if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it
draws the next time interval in [ 0 , 1 ] .
creates the line structure for the given text . newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position . returns the number of newly created lines .
returns the positive square root of the specified value .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
convert a number into a bit string .
encodes an array of bytes into an array of url safe 7 - bit characters . unsafe characters are escaped .
initializes client must be specified in client .
spins waiting for each target number of times .
load cache management into cache
creates a new mapmousemode mode .
adds a new event to the head of the queue .
stops the timer with the specified name .
returns the summary as string .
create a temporary file in the jvm temp directory .
draws a horizontal rule into the graph and optionally adds a legend .
select also all items belonging to any connected set of the current selected items .
create a new instance for a given locale .
removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge .
configures the properties from the specified location .
open a new connection object .
a simple implementation of the addrelations method which presents the general concept of the method . it should not be used in production because of possible race condition - production ready code should perform an atomic operation .
run the switch port according to the switch ports
sleep for the specified time , ignoring any exceptions that occur
verifies that the given set is not modified .
calculates the entropy of a given mean ( mean ) .
check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
performs intermediate updates to what the user wishes to do .
parses a double value from the specified string and returns the result .
inserts string into byte array .
actions a pull event
add a rtcp event listener
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array .
this method detects a code in a " pure " image - - that is , pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated , unskewed , image of a code , with some white border around it . this is a specialized method that works exceptionally fast in this
throw an error with a key .
connects socket ' fd ' to ' inetaddress ' on ' port ' , with no timeout . the lack of a timeout means this method won ' t throw sockettimeoutexception .
determine if the string - value of a node is whitespace
creates a new debugger .
open the image file , if necessary .
deregisters a spring from this basespringsystem , so it won ' t be iterated anymore . the spring should not be used anymore after doing this .
returns the name of the file .
parses an n - triples node , creates an object for it using the supplied valuefactory and returns this object .
resets the psr list .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
close this popup menu .
frees the cache with the specified id .
expand the view horizontally to the size of the crosssize ( considering the view margins )
convert a string with an inetaddress to a byte [ ] .
track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream .
returns true if the value at the specified minimum and maximum .
case sensitive match test .
parses the properties and puts it into a properties map .
computes the result for a date in the given range .
enable bluetooth and quality
distance between two points
creates a new url of the given component parts . the url uses the protocol ' s default port .
return a workflow . method for createmetavolumes .
constructs a new command file with the specified parameters .
initialize the gui with default settings
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
sample the active count
verifies the user ' s code .
test for correct error handling for a mission with no " name " attribute .
checks if this object equals another . < p > the entire state of the object is compared .
releases any resources we may have ( or inherit )
compute the hyperbolic sine of the cubic bezier time .
close all currently open reader
resolves the list of files .
javax / crypto / exemptionmechanism # getinstance ( string algorithm , string provider ) checks exception order
reloads the properties of the application .
removes a message from the process thread .
creates a certid . the hash algorithm used is sha - 1 .
add the set to an existing file .
put a byte array as a len encoded bytes in the buffer .
turns an array of integers into a single string .
removes all items from the stagingarea .
parse background color string .
returns a new random list
check that the capacity of an long memory can hold the memory size .
read a single character .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region .
shutdown all thread pools .
returns collection which contains host name to inetaddress .
removes new line character from a string .
calculates the total counters count for a given number of bytes .
append html entities to the text .
loop through each of the columns in the row , migrating each as a resource or relation .
retrieve row count of a table .
creates a new jarmodifier with the given archive to be modified
adds an attribute to this table .
associate the given value with the specified key .
sort the list with a given initial offset and offset .
checks if the server is a transaction .
adds a special " marked occurrence " highlight .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
fully read in len ' s bytes of data into buf , starting at offset .
validate the given assumption .
adds a set of requirements to the cart
add an item set to the end .
skips from the peek buffer
returns a workflow method for removing vplex volumes form the srdf target cg . this is used for rolling back addvplexvolumestosrdftargetcg .
displays a search prompt with a prompt if enabled .
convert mouse clicks to mouse pointer position
compute the string describing a regular expression .
generate a call identifier . this is useful when we want to generate a call identifier in advance of generating a message .
parse a hour value . depending on patternchar parameter , the hour can be 0 - 23 , 1 - 24 , 0 - 11 , or 1 - 12 . the returned value will always be 0 based .
parse the key event .
recursive method to resolve a binding of types for another type .
where the magic happens
gets all known servers for the specified transport .
returns the seconds until password expiration .
shows a graphical representation of the user ' s datastore .
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
compute gamma cdf by a derivative
read the object from base64 string .
copies all properties that start with the new document to the specified document . if the new document is not null , the old value is returned .
constructs a new matrix with the given argument .
unlocks the hash map .
create a new ( empty ) unicast server remote reference .
static version of lastindexof .
writes buffer to file .
round off a number of uniform distribution .
max ( biginteger val ) . the first is less .
function used to stop code that calls accepttrainingset . this is needed as clusterer construction is performed inside a separate thread of execution .
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location , and update the offsetgrabpoint with all the other grabpoint locations , so everything can shift smoothly . should also set the offsetgrabpoint to the movingpoint . should be called only once at the beginning of the general movement ,
writes floats from the given float array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written .
the optimized version of sax2dtm . dispatchcharactersevents ( int , contenthandler , boolean ) . < p > directly call the characters method on the passed contenthandler for the string - value of the given node ( see http : / / www . w3 . org / tr /
returns true if the ip address is authorized to the third value .
accessed via reflection . do not remove
check if cookie has cookie name and set version cookie .
use the import file dialog .
creates a meta storable item for a given amount of item sets
lists the command - line options for this classifier .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
returns a byte [ ] containing the remainder of ' in ' , closing it when done .
parse the sql statement and locate any placeholders or named parameters . named parameters are substituted for a jdbc placeholder .
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
handler for the named request .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
if possible , validate the given key ' s hashcode against any that was returned by the peer .
function to convert a number to a string
run the init script ( must be a javascript ) .
parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line .
check that the argument is a real number .
initializes the current keyboard
is window autocommit ( if not set use default )
returns the relative path to the specified directory .
initialize client - called when schema is set
internal method to perform the normalization .
resets the configuration files
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer
generate sql file characters
exchanges rate policy manager .
removes the attribute from the list .
invalidate a previously saved key .
is this postgresql ?
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
inserts a namespace declaration to the context store .
add a timestamp to the buffer .
computes all pseudo random elements
shows user home following users page .
elevation denotes at a given lat / lon - should be more precise than elevationat ( ) , but that depends on the resolution of the data .
factory method for observedobject creation .
delete the children of the element
saves the initial child with the specified initial value .
checks , if this item is identical to another contacts .
ensures that the object is not null and is not null .
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml . the stream can previously have been written by writelistxml ( ) .
adds padding to the beginning of a string with a repeating character if the string ' s length is less than the minimum length
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
this method should not raise any exceptions .
register a preferences button .
deletes all unused ( of the cache ) from the system .
create grid line with table .
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . the databuffer is not initialized and must be a databufferbyte compatible with samplemodel . samplemodel must be of type singlepixelpackedsamplemodel or
this method will copy the given file to carbon store location
based on the rhs .
returns the double value as a string .
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the panel .
convert a binary file to a png file in png format .
check if this feature is equivalent to the requested language .
calculates the approximate size of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
perform the values that will mock all the stored values .
returns a string representation of the list , front to back .
write an image , x / y placement with an imageicon .
tests data for bug entries .
monitor changes to the scale slider .
writes content to a file . this is an i / o operation and this method executes in the main thread , so it is recommended to perform this operation using another thread .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs " .
updates the status state information .
converts oid into array of ints .
list all sites of a site .
create the dialog in the subclasses .
checks if the input layer contains a layer .
199 * decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer . 200
provides a hint to the virtual machine that it would be useful to attempt to perform any outstanding object finalizations .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
checks request length request .
adds the foreign key constraint .
called with the activity is first created .
pushes a notification to the server .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
update the resource type for a given resource .
deselects a single item in the receiver .
returns true if this node is a leaf node in this tree .
adds a listener to the upload service .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
parses a string vector and returns an array of doubles .
throughput test that updates a location identified by the given descriptor and should be allocated on the event .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
create a new session wrapper .
post requests with a single batch of requests .
returns the main program directory for this file .
clears the structural peer list .
translates the protocol into a string .
returns next object with the next primary level
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
serializes the history state to a json object using the format described in loadjson ( ) .
loads a keystore with a given type from the specified filename .
remove a property change listener
returns true if the user is visible and false otherwise .
performs a complete set of words onto the bitset of this set .
returns true if the principal name is equal to this principal .
test if the profile is valid .
read a server response .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
create a new clause .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
create a key object .
decodes a difference operation .
sorts the elements in place
rebuilds the active subscription panel .
processes bytes in the provided buffer .
returns a string representation of the object .
navigates to the next page ( if not already there ) .
the following two methods exist because in , out , and err must be initialized to null . the compiler , however , cannot be permitted to inline access to them , since they are later set to more sensible values by initializesystemclass ( ) .
creates a list of types with the given type .
adds a rulelist as the batch .
returns true if the given element is visited , false otherwise .
creates a new client side object .
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally .
initialize points for a given estimator model .
override to check equality with a mask
emit the scope owned by the given visitor method .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
pkcs # k - best ( ) . this is the user - best call of ( k ) . < p > get ( ) on all nodes , but this method should be called from an original queue .
reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order bytes set to 0 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
determines if the passed blocksnapshot instance represents a full copy - based storage volume
list of services for the given descriptor .
removes the code value from a string .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; equidistant
computes the inverse error function of the beta distribution
validate the signed certificate .
creates new docker metadata .
return the number of objects in this sequence .
tests that the a servlets run - as role - name can be extracted .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the first is longer .
create a new term
prints the message passed as a non - line string .
currently only group by tags groupbys ' first item always is site , which is a reserved field
invalid xml for invalid xml
return true if all property of the polygon .
returns true if the given member is a member of the type
create a formatter from a date object
write the kml text file ( in kml mode ) .
gets the destination directory for the given file path .
get users and groups from the server to fill in the " share with " list
creates new form numberpanel
get all the header from the response .
clears all the messages that are older
puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
register a new client to receive a new client .
parses the data from the supplied inputstream , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
parses the date value using the given date formats .
removes a member with the specified name from this object . if this object contains multiple members with the given name , only the last one is removed . if this object does not contain a member with the specified name , the object is not modified .
return vertex map of edges that are linked by the passed in .
read a line of text record .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
write a unique chunk to the given output file .
renames an editor panel .
ask whether a single line looks for a single line comment .
override to set up your specific external resource .
convert virtual world coordinates to lon / lat . results are in degrees .
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . the string is processed from the beginning to the end .
escape special characters with ' % '
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
build the estimated - rate rate / rate / rate / the rate / used in the calculation info .
advances the position until after the next newline character . if the line is terminated by " \ r \ n " , the ' \ n ' must be consumed as whitespace by the caller .
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
notifies the startup handler
formats time in milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string format .
add the specified property change listener for the specified property .
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
add a typed array to the config
adds a sub - action to the main menu .
fill the entry set from the tree map .
returns true if the given collection contains no single element
for keyboard mode , processes key events .
asserts that the actual duration is within 10 % of the given expected time .
log the difference between two strings .
writes the image to the given body .
allocates a new resource .
helper method to construct one or more keys for an immediately with the given key .
init session id , including session and save them .
compute mel frequency from linear frequency .
compute the rounded icon of the label
generate an array of random bytes
returns a description of the search as a string
write to the buffer
check if the entry is expired .
put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
handles the selection when the item selected by the item
check if the session is valid or not .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
get response as byte array
starts fading out all layers .
pack through the first enclosing tree .
add a text change listener .
returns an iterator over the profile .
check if the string starts with a space character , false if the string is empty or ends with a non - space character
appends scheme to incoming path
convert a key to its corresponding value .
called whenever the mouse is pressed by the user and one of the requested mouse modes is active .
initializes the caching http headers filter .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
load the generalnamestablemodel with general points .
reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
returns true if the ping is disabled .
writes the contents string to a file .
create a result of a given measure .
computes the angle between two points . the angle will be in the range [ 0 , 2pi ] .
initializes a memory cursor with the current time column names .
checks if is enabled .
render the foreground for the given operator ( if there is at least one ) .
creates a transaction that uses the given transaction .
starts this gemfire shell with console .
exports an object . this method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object . a remote applet can load the proxy class and call a method on the exported object .
creates a new empty directory .
reads a ' % ' character into a string .
recursively creates children of the children in a parent node .
initialize the logging list .
creates queue queue in queue .
get the html of this object .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
creates a new request configured to publish an open graph action .
hide content and show the progress bar
the object implements the readexternal method to restore its contents by calling the methods of datainput for primitive types and readobject for objects , strings and arrays . the readexternal method must read the values in the same sequence and with the same types as were written by writeexternal .
computes the median value of a numeric variable .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
constructs a new sdpexception when the codelet needs to throw an exception and include a message about another exception that interfered with its normal operation .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
notifies all registered listeners of a property change .
returns true if the template has been reached .
create a new jvalueslider .
applies the attributes passed to the calculates control modifier .
todo add method documentation
creates a remote service instance .
read the old journal from the input file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
starts the daemon thread . set up the daemon thread .
returns true if the connection is complete .
encode the matrix onto a byte [ ] .
writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written .
sets a http header .
updates the ui settings .
generate to source of the class .
submit a task to the executor core .
checks the given bucket name valid for the specified bucket name .
validates the optional user name .
format a string to a given object .
calculates the derived statistics ( significance etc ) .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
determines if a consistency group is same .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
attempts to wait on a message to be delivered to this receiver . the receive call will wait indefinitely for a message to be delivered .
removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end , but not including the end index .
refills the input buffer .
check if there are any duplicate players that have previously inserted
stops all look cluster .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
releases all currently selected items
handle the link tags of an link table
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude . see setloadoption
validates the expected name for the current state .
this method is used to parse a tag into an xml string
remove the arguments and argument from the command line arguments .
replaces a policy represented by a policy framework .
creates a new atomicreferencearray with the same length as the given zero length .
moved this code into it ' s own method so moveto could use it when the move is across file systems
recompute the separation of cluster means .
creates a square - based backbuffer for the given inputstream and returns it .
handles cleaning up for a lost pool entry with the given route . a lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was garbage collected instead of being properly released .
writes an element to the start of an open element .
adds a process listener to the list of listeners .
this method recursively calls the internal class to perform a pre - defined root element of the given tree . this is the case where the user has already been seen before the user is done through .
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string .
stores the value at the specified index .
create a new turnout operation .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
parses the bytes from a string .
find link to a link string
updates the actions in the registry .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
add an initial player to the attack .
put the specified object in the list , starting at the specified index .
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ) . todo foreign key functionality is not supported
creates a new topic object .
change the key of this point to the given point .
insert a blob entry .
adds defaults to uri
copies sequence from one string to another .
computes the distance from a point p to a line segment ab note : non - robust !
returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
runs the test case .
the following multibuffering - characters for the directory server , which is not defined in the directory server .
read from the file .
creates the gui elements of the component .
returns true if we have at least 1 attendee or 2 ) .
constructs a new correlation bucket distribution from the given integer values .
checks if the command is enabled .
validates a key output file
adds an object that is sent to the colour server .
calculate the log likelihood of the current state .
returns true if there are dead states that reach an accept state .
subtracts two money objects
checks whether the edge rings are equal .
skips the next line .
create the output for a given uri .
converts a given byte array to a bytebuffer .
step to step in progress
loads the raw text characters from the raw string .
signatures the signature value with a given key and value .
self - allocates a leaf query .
adds wheel changing listener
scan forward from the underlying character sequence number .
tobitstring - returns a string representation of d [ ] .
converts the remainder of the int buffer to a little - endian buffer .
checks if token key matches the expected key .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
expand all paths in the tree .
generates a new enumset that can be used by the supplied predicate in the provided list of uris .
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements
w / o w . h .
signal to disable group button .
generates an x - values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters . can be used for convenience .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two numbers of different signs . the first is negative .
put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field , if it isn ' t already there . return the hashmap for the given class and field .
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri . the decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in utf - 8 .
convert rgb color to cmyk color .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
displays an error message with a message and an error message .
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
removes all characters which appear in string bag from string s .
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians .
formats the given number to the given number of decimals , and returns the number as a string , maximum 35 characters .
destroys activity is destroyed .
method for beancontextchild interface .
helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true / false appropriately
find a windowsfileattributes from a win32_file_attribute_data structure
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) . this method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have already been written and does not write an end tag .
fire an event to the application .
determines if a query has a minimum entry .
checks if the given resource is a module .
write an annotation to the file , encoded as utf - 8 encoded bytes .
constructs a principal from an ip address .
determines whether a given revision contains a given template name
retrieves all mailbox dump requests from the given start date .
draws an oval for the given parameters .
returns a string with the given arguments .
tostring , leveldatatostring , tree needed to program the tree entries .
read on char . like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field .
create a list containing a word from a string containing the form
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
returns the name of the class path .
removes a title prefix .
send the message and wait for replies
returns true if the given attributes are of the given attributes .
test for equality , coping with nulls .
search for engine by road number
convert a class name from the jvm info to a jvm .
computes the average algorithm
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed
closes the closing connection .
remove oma download info from sharedprefs .
checks if the android api version of the android operating system of android api
returns a boolean indicating whether a bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
converts the x and y values of the given vector2 to the nearest integer value .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
generate the lua function for a given input stream
add a button associated with the specified url to the screen .
map the response to indicate that the provided node has been submitted .
helper method to write a bean to a cluster assignment .
split string into multiple strings .
this method adds a list of instructions in the list of instructions that are only one element of the list will be removed per call . if the instruction is not found in the gc map and exeception is thrown .
allocates a new object instance of the specified object .
constructs a new parser for the given format string .
converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of elements stored in the iterator .
is full the full size ?
schedules a playlist to the playlist
this variable needs to be read if any of it ' s subsidiary variables needs to be read .
actionlistener interface . called from the worker thread .
prints out the classifier .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
send a verbose log message .
save the indexes to the temporary list .
compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location .
if deltay > 0 , move the content down
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
inserts the string representation of the ad .
obtains the string representation of this object .
writes data to the device on device .
copy data from given input reader to an output writer .
checks if we have sampled for eviction in cluster . so , we can only happen before calling this method .
applies the transform to the supplied point .
asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception is thrown .
writes a raw packet to the desired interface . a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the specified protocol type . the caller is responsible for computing correct ip - header and payload checksums .
process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value .
load some data for some tables in the database
this method will search list of wo ' s for the given criteria and eligible for mb . criteriamap will have : contractor_id , create_date , tender_no , workorder_no filter : 1 ) isapprovallimitreachedforwo 2 ) ismbcreatedandpendingforwo 3 ) isfinalbillapprovedforwo
creates a time period for the specified time zone .
constructs a new queue .
encodes the certificate signature and writes it to the given writer .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after the schedule .
abbreviate a string by simply truncating it .
local method to stop an error message
check if a row is empty .
helper method called to empty all shared symbols , but to leave arrays allocated
determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
returns a new name containing the pieces from this name plus the pieces of the given name added on the end .
parses a date string .
returns a string representing the thread seperated
tell if the character is whitespace .
removes the given filter to this request .
removes the specified datasets .
add a property change listener
returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded .
adds the specified object to the end of this list .
add the urls for listening
adds the passed virtualarray uris to the set of virtualarrays assigned to the resource by the user .
returns true if the cell at rowindex and columnindexis editable
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
drop the workspace view from the list of connections
helper function to concatenate a list of values
add an iterator over the edges which must be linked by the graph .
validate a custom catalog header
default timeout with no stats .
returns true if the body of a body ( i . e . from a # # name ) .
add the given child to this object .
restores the selection and columns of the table
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
clean up the session task
consumes the events from the event queue .
updates the ui text field selected text field value .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare zero to zero .
generates a normal random number generator .
determine the current amount of overscroll . if the value is 0 , there is no overscroll . if the value is < 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the top or or left . if the value is > 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the bottom or right
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
process the invite request .
creates new log instance .
read receive delay time from window returns ' true ' if successful , ' false ' if successful , ' false ' if an error is detected , a suitable error message is placed in the notes area
writes out the indentation to the output stream
returns the hash code of this list . the hash code is calculated by taking each element ' s hashcode into account .
parse the string value as a integer .
perform the mouse event .
tell whether the given node is invalid
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
called when the event is triggered .
remove a batch clusterer listener
this should only be created by the lock service . this call will not actually refresh the token .
remove the known object from the cluster . this is used for offline caching .
wraps a heap store to bytes .
parse the json base value .
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger . the long value fits in integer .
inserts the specified character before the specified position into the receiver . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right .
grow array to grow .
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points , and including origin , plus a point p which describes the side .
checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data
insert room for operation . this will not set the length value of the operation , but will update the length value for the total expression .
removes the listener from the map , this method should be invoked when the object is no longer valid .
registers an object that is needed to have its contents .
check that a string contains exactly one output value .
removes the classname from the cache .
completedstage returns a completed completionstage
renders the channel configs , lines , labels , and cursor
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
handles the case where a class loader is dropped .
delete ( sw , port ) from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps .
determines if the given type is assignable from the given primitive type . a primitive type can be assigned to the public primitive types in the return type , or if the primitive can be an optional type , neither will not be primitive types .
total bytes of files to be recovered ( potentially not yet done )
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
deletes the existing user .
format the given object to the given date .
cas waitstatus field of a node .
returns a dump dump of the thread dump .
check whether we can start listening for writing
checks if the given input matches filter
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
runs the http command status of the connection .
initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .
returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept .
create missing values for the given values
replace backslashes with forward slashes .
launch an launch , launch the background thread .
encodes acl representation of an acl to the acl .
expand the hidden directory to the given directory .
tries to send queue if there are no more attempts to queue .
update the value selected .
returns true if there is another data in the input stream .
creates a display string of a parameter list ( without the parentheses ) for the given parameter types and names .
execute a heartbeat update .
decrypt a random number of bytes received it .
load private ssh key from the given file .
removes a listener for changes of registered snapshot categories .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
return a date that is based on the field range of the given date range .
check if given string is not in a array .
returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner .
libsecp256k1 cleanup - this destroys the secp256k1 context object this should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context .
initializes the read from init .
makes a list of strings from a given string .
get reader to response body using given character set . < p > this will fall back to using the utf - 8 character set if the given charset is null
convert a model containing a human - readable image of the image .
adds a vertex to the graph .
configures the client that we can be used for rendering the client from creation
returns the index starting at the specified index ( two characters at a time ) .
calculate requirements along the minor axis . this is implemented to calling this method takes care of requirements forces it column , getpreferredspan , and getmaximumspan on it .
appends a string to the end of the string buffer .
pushes a string onto the query .
generate a printable representation of the object
construct a metadata for a column .
bulk bulk load a given mode .
forward project a lat / lon poly . this is a complex method . please read the in - code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm .
remove categories that contain a year in them ( starting with 19__ or 20__ ) , except for this year and previous year rationale : https : / / github . com / commons - app / apps - android - commons / issues / 47
construct the provided provider object .
check if the bean has been marked as a list of bean
set the ' content of a document . the new line is added to the document length of the document .
attempts to convert the given pattern to a string .
fill picks . column_id from c_order
creates a copy of the field .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is - 1 .
cast object to type t .
schedules a file to be deleted when jvm exits . if file is directory delete it and all sub - directories .
initialize and do work where other steps need to wait for . . .
prints the annotation of this annotation to a specified annotation .
add a point to this path .
obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the properties file .
adds a forceitem to this adapter .
add an annotation to the element .
reads a boolean ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
initializes the format for the dataset produced . must be called before the generateexample or generateexamples methods are used . re - initializes the random number generator with the given seed .
returns natural logarithm of gamma function .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
starts the up time for the given component .
returns the known value of the given category .
creates a pending action that will be added to the given utterance map .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
shows the given markers displayed by the given editor
resolve a new instance from the " set " name .
pick the set of points horizontally to the desired size .
verifies the passed logrecord to check for tampering .
copies the clipboard ' s dependency to the clipboard .
formats a percent as a string .
translate attributes that describe an attribute description into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
updates the actions in each text just before showing the popup menu .
makes a collection immutable collection for the given collection , returning the collection in the collection .
track a hex list of images
parse string to date
checks whether the given node is processed by the current thread
perform a power - on self operation on the edt .
if any ancestor ( non - demo ) graph is set , then we pop the entire vertex at the end of each edge
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the crls read from the given input stream instream . the instream may contain a sequence of der - encoded crls , or a pkcs # 7 crl set . this is a pkcs # 7 signeddata object , with the
deletes the extended entity configuration under the realm .
returns singleton instance of datasourcewindowmanager .
generate a tag for the inner leaving color and attribute values .
loads the xml cache
does not set the id ' s id to the request .
creates a csv file .
read from monitored file , report any changed values to the supplied handler . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the buffered source reader and releases the buffer . nothing is done if this reader has already been closed .
compare the remaining shorts of this buffer to another byte buffer ' s remaining shorts .
generates a new payment
average aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time , for average value
extract a policy notification from an xml node .
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
finds the parcel object in an array of class loaders .
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e . g . my - field - name ) to a valid java field name ( e . g . myfieldname )
checks whether the username is set .
adds a content items .
creates a class name from the classname .
pause for the dispatcher .
indicates if the component has a highlight , which is highlight the highlight , if the component is in the view .
prepares the job looking for test .
removes wheel changing listener
convert from lpc to lpc coefficients .
generate signals to generate xml for all fields whose name matches the fields in the class file .
indicates whether the user is visible .
initializes the factory for statistics .
removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the dotall option .
consumes the scroll region map .
retrieves tracks matching the provided query from the database .
release previously acquired image while the request is complete
returns the number of elements in this deque .
adds the specified element at the end of this list .
closes the dialog system .
the text compaction mode includes all the printable ascii characters ( i . e . values from 32 to 126 ) and three ascii control characters : ht or tab ( ascii value 9 ) , lf or line feed ( ascii value 10 ) , and cr or carriage
create a new file / image / media attachment for a chat channel .
adds a parameter to the list , and sets its parent to this node .
constructs a createevent from the json serialized representation .
check if the full copy volume could be resynchronized .
reads a printable string of a substring .
is the buffer absolute
resets the index time to the query .
creates a response object .
check if an external has been downloaded , and notify the user about a check .
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun , depending on the quantity ; also prefixes the quantity .
verify the signature of the element
adds a video to the adapter and notify the change .
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle .
reads the transport emoji of the visum file
makes sure the nal has a header or not .
method that needs to be called , if the main hash structure is ( may be ) shared . this happens every time something is added , even if addition is to the collision list ( since collision list index comes from lowest 8 bits of the primary hash entry
add item label to the popup view .
returns the number of members ( name / value pairs ) in this object .
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are values in the range 0 . . scale
parse a parameters from a procedure call . resolving ( ) method must be called in the properties file .
add a new token for a particular site .
deserialize a string from uri
translates a panel ( component ) latitude to a screen location .
sends the via data socket to the remote peer .
push the current context onto the stack .
creates a new refactoring history panel .
unmarshals an input stream to a file .
normalize a random real number from the distribution .
add location to the table .
create a new formatter .
encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
check to see if there is any path that we don ' t yet been reached .
warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
is the given column name allowed ?
converts the given hex - color - string to rgb .
add a property change listener to this bean
execute some blob test to retrieve user data
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
subtract a number from zero . the number is negative .
restores a snapshot file from the specified location .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
wait for the current thread to complete processing .
fill an array with the values of a minimum 3 - sample blackman - harris window function
some key wrap algorithms make use of the key checksum defined in cms [ cms - algorithms ] . this is used to provide an integrity check value for the key being wrapped . the algorithm is - compute the 20 octet sha - 1 hash on the key being
returns a hash code value for the object .
increments the number of milliseconds .
parse a sentence from the given sentence .
sets the data directory or creates a new directory if it does not exist .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
checks rule part with tag " specialposition " ; there is only the " type " attribute right now : checks if specialposition value of a token is the same as the value of the type attribute in the rule ; values : endofvorfeld , endofpar ( end of paragraph
return nulls for empty strings , as the entity engine can deal with nulls . this will provide blanks in fields where bigdecimal display . blank meaning null , vs . 0 which means 0
registers a java representation of a python interpreter .
when request permissions on devices before android m ( android 6 . 0 , api level 23 ) do the granted or denied work directly according to the permission status
deletes all sub - groups in this group container .
creates a new plugin task .
called to initialize the compiler arguments .
open the output stream .
send next available byte
base64 - serializes the given object .
a service wrapper for the createimagemethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
add new profiles to the existing list of profiles
check if the given string is a valid java identifier .
returns true if x1 is less than x2 , when both values are treated as unsigned .
move the node to the canvas
create a list from passed objx parameters
adds a macro record to this macro .
create zookeeper based on the port parameters .
add more qiscus user email to the chat room . for group chat .
returns the best hash provider supporting at least the best algorithm .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
using sorting . if we use merge sort or heap sort then ( - ) ( nlogn ) in worst case . if we use quick sort then o ( n ^ 2 ) in worst case .
loads a global file from the store .
calculates the sample likelihood and bic score for i given its parents in a ( x )
removes the item from the adapter .
get types from a map of types
clears the association operation .
add operation results to the array to be returned .
returns the branch for the given operator in the table .
add a switch port to maintenance queue .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
convenience method to copy a realm to its parent
returns true if the given mime type is identical to the other .
returns true if this selector is dead .
tells the builder that a character range is valid .
this method creates a change copy of a virtual volume .
returns true if the specified java device is enabled for the javascript connection .
compares this finite field for equality with the specified object .
returns the name of this element type .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
computes checksum of md5 .
66575267 - gabriel saiz
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder . inserting null will use the stored null text value .
handles a mouse pressed event by recording the text area
returns the number of elements in this deque .
loads the alone file from disk .
disables the passed pool uris for a vmax3 storage system .
computes the end of the rhumb path ( line of constant azimuth ) starting at the given location and ending in radians , radians .
returns the first index of elt in the array , else - 1 .
returns the maximum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains .
reads the contents of the given inputstream into a string .
update the moving average with a new value .
log the passed in log .
remove the intersection between two cells .
write string to buffer
open the stack to draw the screen
consume one stream from the topic .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
compare two version strings based on comparison .
checks if a vector is valid vector .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
change a ecos speed distance to a float speed .
removes a child from the list of child nodes .
notify all registered listeners of the class descriptor .
generates the instruction to compute the top stack value to the caller .
indicates if the mime type belongs to the application xml family .
creates the native page for a given url .
throws an exception if the content of the parsed exception is thrown .
make the row changed .
creates a one - shot literal from the given input stream , and applying the given input .
returns the native type of the given type .
convert a field type to a java field type
adds the given token after the last token .
this is a generic service for traversing a content tree , typical of a blog response tree . it calls the contentworker . traverse method .
compare two double arrays using its natural representation .
creates a new dictionary containing the information read from the given directory .
collapse all 2d hexes .
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach one or more disks from the specified file . on completion , the specified handler is invoked .
read an error message from the client .
show the item show in the dialog .
persist a profile with the specified provider .
add an undo to the undo stack .
constructs a new array list and fills it with the elements of the given array .
adds a wait time to the batch .
encode into canonical form .
tear down the scene .
substring for a precise stop substring .
here is called to start the trains . this method should return true if engine is going to update the train .
removes a custom sashform listener . this listener will be removed when this control is disposed .
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
delete a value stored in the project ' s datastore .
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
close the underlying reader .
parses a string as an int .
writes the entire resultset to a csv file . the caller is responsible for closing the resultset .
test for a special case
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields . e . g . , if ip is not null we expect the device to have exactly one ip address . swid and port are the attachment point port . vlan and ip are optional all other fields must
adds a new transition .
returns the sum of each segment in the map .
returns true if the font font is for this font
registers an event in the system
creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . this map will hold initialcapacity * loadfactor items before growing the backing table .
create a sequence containing one object
populates the data blob blob .
sign a little bit from a substring .
adds a near key .
analyze the class and perform for all fields that match the specified class name .
is the given log level currently enabled ?
loads all debugger of a debugger .
deletes the directory and its contents .
runs the test case .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
store the all of the operation engine objects in the default place , including making a backup if needed
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
returns true if any of the given matchers has a robust , and false otherwise .
handles a track point on the endpoint .
fire a property change from this object
checks that a the given substring is a valid type descriptor .
sort the field array using a quicksort
draws the background of the hex panel .
adds a name - value pair to the definition of this attribute .
this method validates a deletedisksresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
runs the test case .
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix
normalize a factory value factory .
constructs a new accesstoken backed with the data in the specified jsonvalue .
add the style to the selector if any .
extracts the client name from a fully - qualified name .
start a reactive flow from a completed
check if a new action is provided .
refreshes the markers displayed in this error strip .
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
reads all bytes from an input stream .
play / download a player in media window
converts a string representation of a url into a string using the specified charset .
encodes a collection onto a cache .
adds the specified data source in the panel .
adds a value to the density estimator .
builds a checkbox row .
formats a date with the format and date .
indicates if a group is a child group , a non - top - level data group in a set of nested data groups ( e . g . , the node or edge table of a graph or tree ) .
throws an exception if the item is not already present .
returns the next object reference to the sequence , starting at the specified position .
global config for config changes
launch an email intent if the device is capable .
counts the number of n - grams
insert a item associated with the specified position of adapter
adds a translator , which is called whenever a class is loaded .
indicates that the main content has scrolled ( for the purposes of showing / hiding the action bar for the " action bar auto hide " effect ) . currenty and deltay may be exact ( if the underlying view supports it ) or may be approximate indications : deltay
writes a number of type char in a string
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
if the main text matches the regex
writes this table to the given file .
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
add a close callback hook
executes task r in the caller ' s thread , unless the executor has been shut down , in which case the task is discarded .
updates the range on both axes .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
read the configuration from the default file .
applies players to the player
returns all the text at the given url .
the trace of events to the trace list .
interrupt this thread pool .
register default device types .
remove a dependency with the given dependencies from the dependency .
draws the chart tick lines .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns an insertion policy that indicates the tuple is to be inserted into the partition .
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
create a positive number from a string value and radix 2 .
this is heart of the code that determines if a given character is in the given encoding . this method is probably expensive , and the answer should be cached . < p > this method is not a public api , and should only be used internally within the
deletes the entry from the directory .
removes all highlights added to the text area by this listener .
enqueue the priority queue .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
adds the specified role to the list of roles .
creates a new modules .
creates a date from the specified date time .
response headers from the server .
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
builds a list of snapshots from the index .
create next message with given values
create a reply to a forum post . you must set the parent id for the post replying to .
returns true if the stream is dead .
constructs html element - with html key .
data from matlab . provided as the indices , linear arrays of values , and dimensions . the indices are expected to be sorted in increasing value and the real and imaginary values are to correspond to these indices .
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
updates the enabled status of the input fields and labels .
get the unique id for a hexadecimal
resets the cached stats .
convert date - - > long
remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views to update .
shiftright ( int n ) , n is greater than bitlength ( )
show the filtered filter
calculates the number of pixels between two points .
add newly generated keys of a given key type to an existing keystore . the privatekey will be stored under the specified private alias name . the x509certificate will be stored on the public alias name and have the given subject distinguished name . if a ca is provided ,
called by the javascript form to populate the display name . < p > this method is called on the form
parse the path to the current directory
returns a vector2 containing the largest x and y values .
adds a call to the testcase
serialize a serializer test .
check the blockmirror of the blocks in the passed method .
adds a elf to the log
remove a text listener
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
creates a identity provider .
clears the buffer , returning all allocations to the allocator .
apply matrix to each edit matrix .
computes the point table of a given size .
adds a host to the existing vipr .
creates a temporary file on the given prefix .
partition a collection of target types by type from the given target types .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
load data from file .
called when the entity is changed .
resolves and returns the name of the template in which the folder ' s filename is relative to that previous folder .
initializes the tool tip text for this component .
decode an encoded string array of strings .
call this when you want to know the new location . if it returns true , the animation is not yet finished . loc will be altered to provide the new location .
sends a resource to the socket .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
renders the string value as a boolean expression .
stop the thread sampling
reverses the order of the polygon points within the given list . < p > this method performs a simple list reverse .
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a spkac formatted csr .
a simple mechanism to initialize factory with dynamic binding
awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
parses container name from container .
format time to utc .
returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector .
returns a string with the specified width .
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator . the behavior of this operation is undefined if the specified collection is modified while the operation is in progress
updates this log , according to the information contained in the transferablestate object
converts a string into its java - style utf - 8 form . java - style utf - 8 differs from normal utf - 8 in the handling of character ' \ 0 ' and surrogate pairs .
maps out a list of name / value pairs from a map
checks the given label can be added / removed to / from a vertex .
adds the specified message observer to this message .
show the initial character and show a string .
writes an array of bytes to the given buffer
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that was removed from the list .
returns a random vector of the chi - squared distribution .
read a fixed file and its contents .
called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning . the code is used to lookup a localized message to be used when sending warnings to listeners .
is known sub - known sub - known ?
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ) .
check if the scheduler is currently loaded .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
checks if bit - bitnumber is valid .
constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain cutoff date .
calculate the optimum major tick distance . override to change default behaviour
test if there more records available
adds a new sample to the sample .
post requests for messages in the queue .
unset touch of a node from an offset
convert an html tag to html .
write a classfile data structure to a file .
computes the shape for a great circle path .
creates a connection object for a peer .
returns a vector of vectors that contains the same objects as the array .
notify the version that a versions has finished .
accept the drop method .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
returns a string representation of the capabilities
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
split the supplied rectangle into sub - array of nodes .
this method asks and returns a logout response .
has the user chosen to import from pvk private key and certificate file combination ?
runs the optimizer flow analysis for the given tree .
returns true if and only if this engine is valid .
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta . if they are not an assertionfailederror is thrown with the given message . if the expected value is infinity then the delta value is ignored .
calculates the value of b across the set of extremal indices . implements oppenheim / schafer discrete time signal processing , 3e , 2016 , equation 115
returns the decoded message .
load the properties from the specified file .
replace all occurrences of the pattern . the replacement object ' s replace ( ) method is called on each match , and it provides a replacement , which is placed literally ( i . e . , without interpreting $ 1 , $ 2 etc . )
list of string of all identifier 0 - am in the success .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of this stream followed by all the elements of the iterator .
move the location of a component to a target container .
read the tree node in .
creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
creates a unit length vector in the given direction .
use openoffice to convert documents between types
returns an adjusted log10 value for graphing purposes . the first adjustment is that negative values are changed to positive during the calculations , and then the answer is negated at the end . the second is that , for values less than 10 , an increasingly large ( 0
clears all the data from this table
is last invoice costing method
set the ' http . proxyport ' & ' https . proxyport ' properties to the given port number . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
fetch the cluster name from the cluster name and consistency group name .
this api call fetches only the owner wall list
creates a new dviewsecretkey dialog .
samples migration events on a two - coloured branch , conditional on colours at both ends migration process is forwards in ( natural ) time , so we are going down the tree . returns a list of events , ordered forward in time ( i . e . colour
checks whether the given attribute value is a required attribute .
decodes an ascii string key into a byte array .
has the selection listener for this pane . if the pane has changed , does nothing .
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
create activity intent to share
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field . the class argument is needed to check that reflective types and generic types match .
test the range of the first n matrix with the inverse distance .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , lsr # < shift_imm > ] ! 0b01 / lsr / if shift_imm = = 0 then / lsr # 32 / index = 0 else index = rm logical_shift_right shift_imm if u = = 1 then address
builds a row from a table statement .
returns the common layer , where both this item and p_other have a shape . returns - 1 , if such a layer does not exisr .
remove items from the inventory stack
save the indexes to the index .
add item in the last index
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
expand the location to the given location and expand all selected location .
advance to the next token .
save the provisioning to the database
write the extension to the deroutputstream .
this method processes storage volumes from the native storage pool .
create a cluster volume .
returns the int value of the policy
runs the test case .
write string in text format without checking buffer size .
write data to read record .
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given stream .
add a specific type of this class to the registry .
equality check that are equals to target .
convert an ofinstructionwriteactions to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
called before the native code is executed
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
decode all related data for the given object .
rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits and changing the order of each bytes .
shiftright ( int n ) , n is greater than bitlength ( )
resolve the class file .
builds a http response from a list of attachment
asserts that we have a label with the given text baring the given path
* test method to protect a single predicate sequences .
initializes the stream tokenizer .
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
run the size of the loop thread .
reads the first byte of the field
lock api for locking of the file channel of the lock file .
open the datagram connection
returns a string describing classifier
helper function to execute a script execution and initializes the script execution .
disables a specific feature on this rich formatter .
remove an event listener from this controller .
returns the number of milliseconds since epoch .
adds the given items to the end of the array .
quote a java language name .
static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance , but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
adds a list of tables to the database .
true iff there is a granted group .
( since linux 2 . 6 . 24 ) guest time of the process ' s children , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) .
find or remove the class that matches the given class name .
method to reset the notes error after error display
set ticks based on a psptime struct .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items .
calculates the integer encoding of the provided quotient .
runs the test case .
returns the next token in the iteration .
converts to object array .
record audit log for config service
compute the mean of all elements in the array . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
constructs a timestamp from the given string containing the format expected by time .
selects media types that appear at the given media .
paints the border for the text component with a given title and size .
ensure the store array ' s capacity .
invalidates the buffer and fully initialized for all buffers .
add a directory if it doesn ' t exist yet
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
tests this generator for equality with an arbitrary object .
return true if a list of element has a child of this node .
deletes the item at the given index .
returns the count of the resource names present in this object .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8
checks the current collection of object permissions against the given object which may represent a single or multiple namespaces . allowed types are string or collection of string .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
create an intent to take the user to dialer , or any other app capable of making phone calls . use the first phone number available . if no phone number is found , or if the device is not capable of making phone calls ( i . e .
generate the parameters of the parameter list and return filter .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
remove an attribute from the list .
static helper method used to parse a field signature .
paints the preview with the specified drawing image .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
removes all the existing values from the series .
partition a chunk of random chunk from the chunk in a chunk .
update the window before the ui changes .
clear all the results
find the widgets for the widgets of a given container
print single - quoted ion symbol type
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart . note : this method will get the product entity and check to make sure it can be purchased .
returns a string representation for the distribution
updates the border text of the component .
add all classes in a hash map .
resets the references for streaming .
mpi encoded numbers are produced by the openssl bn_bn2mpi function . they consist of a 4 byte big endian length field , followed by the stated number of bytes representing the number in big endian format ( with a sign bit ) .
this method gets called when schema has changed .
given a vector of nodes , sort each node according to the criteria in the keys .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
add a message to the queue to be sent .
converts a query string to a command line .
write a short . like dataoutputstream . writechar . note the parm is an int even though this as a writechar
prints a long followed by a newline .
throws an exception if a service is a dynamic proxy instance with a default class .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
handle an invalid entity record with the specified constraint
called when message is start .
parses the command line ' s content list .
initialize the url with prefix parameters .
true if this record is suppressed by the answers in a message .
returns a properties object containing the properties of the specified properties .
select the first node that matches the provided node in the list .
take an array of strings and convert them into an array of strings
generate an arc between two points on the map , a distance between the two radii , a dot arc that is located at the end of the contour arc . the path is the location of the second arc .
compare two canonical objects
read a result set .
add distinct entry to list
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this comparator .
ends the current transaction .
creates a new panel object .
double the capacity of this deque . call only when full , i . e . , when head and tail have wrapped around to become equal .
displays the specified folder .
compute link url for the link url
load the manifest in the manifest store .
convert a raw types of arrays to an array of type .
adds a column at the specified position .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
removes the display display from the display list .
returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state .
fire a query event .
update a user header with specified uri .
create a new httpclient with reasonable defaults ( which you can update ) .
adds entry to future .
set the vertex information and the associated vertex information .
tests computing a positive helper .
deletes the given file or directory if it exists .
removes existing values from the series .
add a group member to the current group .
creates a new logger instance .
increment the value of a bin .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
put all the mappings in the specified map to the specified map .
checks if a list of string contains a string while ignoring case
estimate the median value of a numeric distribution
loads the plugin configuration from the plugins plugins .
stop the session invitation
set the ' http . keepalive ' property to the given value . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user ' s default video album . the video will be read from the specified file .
unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage , verifying the checksum .
creates socket connection to the server .
copy all the data parameters to the deletion
checks the selected filters .
validates that the specified object is a valid destination array .
creates stream for decoding .
returns the next member of the given member .
109 * encode the suffix that ends every output line . by default 110 this method just prints a < newline > into the output stream . 111
returns true if system font configuration is system
add url to the stack .
put all the fields in the named field value .
constructs a new factory .
creates a root block that is at the given offset .
creates a new request .
implements the inner operators .
return the host uri , as a string .
earlier implementations of android ' s hostname verifier required that wildcard names wouldn ' t match " * . com " or similar . this was a nonstandard check that we ' ve since dropped . it is the ca ' s responsibility to not hand out certificates that match
checks if the target file exists .
skips over the character sequences starting at the specified character .
generate an example of the dataset .
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
cas tail field . used only by enq .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
returns a phone object representing the specified field .
return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . this method mimics the behavior of resourcebundle . getbundle ( ) .
choose pools based on remote vpool ' s matched or assigned pools
returns html output for html by subclasses .
add a new pending lock to the manager . throws an exception if the lock would overlap an existing lock . once the lock is acquired it remains in this set as an acquired lock .
evaluates the uf7 problem .
notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null , the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadcache is invoked .
convert a move object to uci string format .
creates a new hidden - acceleration image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .
debugging function to display internal state .
writes string to given writer .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
expert : increments the refcount of this taxonomyreader instance .
convert a virtual volume to an array of hashcode .
run a set of triple resources .
determine if the expression is a floating point type .
builds the volumes used to find any configured valid prefixes .
evaluate the given alignment string .
adds all the provided xy series to the list .
exists with optional error message , usage and display the exception
compares this term with the specified term key .
merges this bounding box with the other .
generates global stack trace element from the current loop stack trace .
this method flushes any pending events , which can be startdocument ( ) closing the opening tag of an element , or closing an open cdata section .
subscribe asynchronously - send an error message to a server .
initialize the internal view configuration .
create an extendedtype object from node type , namespace and local name . the hash code is calculated from the node type , namespace and local name .
validate some assumptions about the new locpathiterator and it ' s owner and the state of the list .
start collecting profiling data for each partition thread .
see the weights that should be used to store the weight based on the weights .
undoes the last action .
removes the given column from the table
returns info about the specified variables .
peek , returns true if successful .
scan and returns a chunk of this chunk .
returns the distribution ' s hashcode
balance segments for the segments .
creates a new instance of the renderer .
indicates whether this user has user partitions .
inserts the string value into the cache , inserting null if there is any currently in the cache .
reads the next unicode code point .
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format .
constructs a new item label .
returns the tag for the given tag .
consumes a part of this status .
test against igfs method .
adds a single outer join from the outer outer join .
encodes the given source file array
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue , or the specified wait time expires .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
returns number of entries in collection .
add an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to this menu .
writes a " int " in wsp format to the given output stream .
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the first is longer .
add the header information to the header .
store data with this object .
appends a new string type to the given base type .
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
returns a string representation of the effect
convert an iterable stream into one of the values .
sleeps specified number of milliseconds .
searches for the first occurence of the given argument , beginning the search at index , and testing for equality using the equals method .
learn whether a given set of modifiers implies package access .
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file .
initializes window with given window .
write bytes from the specified byte array to the stream .
send a log message if logging is enabled .
send update notifications to listeners
handles the remote reference to a remote resource .
returns a copy of the given file as a plain string .
inserts the provided string into a properties object .
scale the original font of a component by a given position and change the style
draws a vertical label
save an x . 509 certificate ( and not a string ) to a file .
removes a listener that would be called when the central item of the list changes .
invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists .
returns if the chart should be filled below the line .
if we receive any result , we can delete the temp retry info file
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check if packet is visible
called by the js javascript . adds a mouse event to the javascript stack .
returns whether the bundle requires should be updated while preserving , or not .
clear the given view map .
1 . iterate through all tables which have its name and register its mapping to be indexed .
reads next variable length block from input .
add a new subscription to the session .
creates an instance of x . 509 certpath over the specified list of certificates .
reads an process configuration from the given xml string .
creates a new topology instance .
builds a qualifier value for a qualifier .
shorten string to a desired length
blends the two color based on an offset .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
subset the ui options .
converts a given image into a bufferedimage
reads a sequence of values and the trailing closing brace ' ] ' of an array . the opening brace ' [ ' should have already been read . note that " [ ] " yields an empty array , but " [ , ] " returns a two -
hex string to byte
returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type .
remove the specified sensor selection listener .
writes a single character .
create a class loader , explicitly specifying the source dex and the location for the optimized dex .
registers a cache manager for this manager .
makes a java . sql . time from separate ints for hour , minute , and second .
initializes the log file for the given project .
convert a byte array to an image
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
clean stacking markers . < br > same logic as detection , but just returning string w / o
discard a discarded service that should be discarded .
state is final . this is the final state if it is final .
generate a range of max markers
writes a ' figtree ' block to the file
this returns the unique has code used for this key . the hash code is created by combining the hash code of the method or field name with the hash code of the declaring class .
compares this map with another .
the default root element of the dtd .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
close connection to the database .
throws an exception if the given method is invalid
zlib compress 2 byte
load an extension mime type .
report the start of dtd declarations , if any . any declarations are assumed to be in the internal subset unless otherwise indicated .
convert unix timestamp to timestamp string .
encodes a byte array into base - 64 encoded string .
prints a double followed by a newline .
returns a string representation of this object .
checks if the given host is contained in this host .
on database after a client has been deleted .
returns a hash code value for this object .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
import a previously installed user to share the location of an existing user
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
invoked by the completion of the listener .
checks if the given identifier should be excluded .
determine if a request to solr failed due to a communication error , which is generally retry - able .
returns " true " as this is a reliable transport .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
get the max value plus one for a short
method for beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to fire a property change . you don ' t need this function for objects that extend java . awt . component .
encodes a value using java rules .
creates and persists database entities required for the initiate policy pane required .
create a page object
adds a key / value pair to a map
save the boot file to the test .
appends an int record to the file at the current position in the file .
write timestamp in binary format .
encodes the strings and returns the number of characters in the two encoded strings that are the same . this return value ranges from 0 through 4 : 0 indicates little or no similarity , and 4 indicates strong similarity or identical values .
helper method for generatetask1data , builds a string from a given string .
deletes a file . if the file does not exist , it is deleted .
return a path for a given dimenisions .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
create a new client , connecting to a socket .
get the selected bean .
tracks a new handler so that it can be removed in bulk .
action to perform when the popup menu is pressed on the map .
adds an entry to the list of those that should be removed .
make sure the children has at least one children of the children .
initializes a uuid with the specified parameters .
print every value on a separate line . use the given number of spaces for indentation .
renders the given context handler in a handler .
constructs a timestamp to use for the given name .
in the case we are using the java select ( ) method , this method is used to trash the buggy selector and create a new one , registering all the sockets on it .
multiply two positive numbers of different length . the second is longer .
handle the response returned from the request that can trust the response without the error .
execute a sql prepared statement with all rows returned .
current time from some arbitrary time base in the past , counting in nanoseconds , and not affected by settimeofday or similar system clock changes . this is appropriate to use when computing how much longer to wait for an interval to expire .
java . text . format # clone ( ) test of method java . text . format # clone ( ) . compare of internal variables of cloned objects .
send a request to the server and generate a future for the eventual reply . note that this call can block if there is no active connection while a new connection is re - established or if the maximum number of requests is already pending
returns true if the str is empty , false otherwise .
cas waitstatus field of a node .
enables the dependency of the given capability
extract variables variables from variables scope
add an integer to the config
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
convert full - width letters in chinese fonts to normal half - width letters in ansi charset . numbers are not touched .
test whether two collections contains the same elements , regardless of the order in which the elements appear in the collections
checks if a response message contains a body .
returns how many available on the given process is available .
adds the given value .
checks if the action should be triggered .
jumps to the previous or next best match given the parameters below . this may be inside the current word . for example , if the cursor is at index 1 in " hey bob " , and movebyword is called with returncursoratend = true , then the returned value
process a new region message
deletes all the zones in the zoningmaps supplied in the zoningparams .
shut down the ui thread .
implements the standard icon interface ' s painticon method as the standard synth stub passes null for the context and this will cause us to not paint any thing , so we override here so that we can paint the enabled state if no synth context is available
this method changes image scale ( animating zoom for given duration ) , related to given center ( x , y ) .
map all channel names to a list .
returns true if the file is hidden , false otherwise .
ensures that the view is visible .
load a jar file
invalidates all cells in the tree .
adds a row to the logical hashtable
creates a jar with a given name with the given content .
move to the previous day
performs a search check for the given int .
closes database connection and logs if an error is encountered
add descriptive details about a specific message box , so that if it needs to be reset in the preferences , then it is easily identifiable . displayed to the user in the preferences gui .
add a color map listener
compute the lof distances .
appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end in the suffix .
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
constructs an external problem process .
a utility method which returns true if the network interface is on this input .
attempt to recover from a syntax error . this returns false if recovery fails , true if it succeeds . recovery happens in 4 steps . first we pop the parse stack down to a point at which we have a shift out of the top - most state on
adds a list of documents to the query predicate .
adds a set of virtual dice with the given number of faces that start with the given value .
checks if the options of options are accessible
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
pushes a message onto the stack
random between min and max ( max )
test that striterator is closed after hasnext return false
push the given list of segments onto the screen .
populates the task list with given source and virtual array list
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
returns the tip text for this property
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an array of integers . the most significant byte is positive .
start scrolling based on a fling gesture . the distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of the fling .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
register a listener for changes to options .
below method will be used to close all the streams
calculates the probability distribution for the given distribution .
returns a list containing a series of data values in the series
reads characters into a portion of an array .
evaluates the cf6 problem .
send a fatal error log message
expands the given string into a list of english words of the given string starting at the given index .
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
wraps the multiple objects into the multiple objects .
return true if all constants have been recorded , false otherwise .
stop the server address .
expand the system identifier to expand if any . system uri cannot be expand .
free a message with the specified index .
compares the two characters ignoring case strings .
converts a uuid uuid to a uuid .
adds the specified arguments to the vm .
apply a visitor to a enum value .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two equal negative numbers .
test that a previously started with an activity does not exist
initiates a target instance .
returns a reversed ( containing the front of the ring )
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
read a line of text .
adds the given items to the list of items .
returns the url of the product wiki page .
checks if an eclipse file contains a set of characters .
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver ' s selection .
replace the direct type .
handles create realm request .
tests if a point is inside the polygon .
removes the specified maximum and its associated value from the list .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
called when the image is successfully loaded .
instantiates a new node with the specified value .
creates a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls , calculated relative to the default time zone .
generates a code attribute for the attribute code .
initializes a binary file
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
create a new file if the file exists is not created .
or for zero and one
executes the prepared statement using values supplied as arguments .
load the unit using the passed in certificate chain .
ensures that a given string is not null or empty .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
cancel all running tasks
calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
update query and header parameters based on authentication settings .
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed , and then removes the unneeded spaces
initializes a default experiment .
removes all bookmark tracking icons .
creates a new metric .
returns true if the point is inside the polygon
resolve the specified loader , using the extension class loader .
obtains a list of network interfaces on a network interface .
calculates the sample size for a bitmap
returns true if status is status .
returns a string representation of this graph
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
add channel map event to channel model
adds the specified object to the priority queue .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
associates a resource with the specified key in this map .
parses the uid in the format , eg . . . . . . this will create a new normalized based on the purpose .
replaces the given value if it is contained in the given string .
schedules the specified task .
creates a directory unless it already exists .
method to handle update button
loads a class file by a given class loader .
get an iterator over the target elements .
fit the size of the page .
computes the hash code for this principal .
builds a map pool - name = > pool - index from the snmptablehandler of the jvmmempooltable .
creates a new dcryptostrength dialog .
creates a separator between the given separator , with a single separator .
adds the specified object at the end of the array .
rebuilds the dataset based on the given realmresults .
generate the signature for the loaded message using the passed in array .
compute the mean matrix of a normal distribution based on the x and y coordinates .
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer
write the bytes to byte array .
opens the file for opening new activity .
converts a date string into a java . sql . date
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
might have different semantics than math . round ( int ) , see bugs 6430675 and 8010430 .
creates a new plaintext component with the given short
copies this attribute and returns a new copy .
generate and return a new component for the given pane
check the description of this block .
creates a writable file ' s path dirs and returns true if succeed . the difference from file . mkdirs ( ) is that mkdirs ( ) returns false in both cases : it can ' t create path or path already exists . this method will return false if
returns a string that displays and identifies this object ' s properties .
creates a new authentication configuration object .
reads the field to the output .
skip ( long n ) method testing . tests that the method correctly skips the bytes .
add a char to the string buffer .
returns the hash code for this attribute type . it will be calculated as the hash code of the numeric oid .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
find the candidate that matches the given cells .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
creates a repository location .
this method will be used to add a new property
create the delta tree corresponding to the current element .
returns a string representation of the title
returns the number of sentences in the knowledge base .
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
verifies if the given coordinate is in the coordinate system .
returns the tip text for this property
create a new instance .
parses a default double if it is a double .
a lame attempt to prevent duplicate application id . todo : we should expose appid - > appname map via rest api so cli doesn ' t need a separate copy of the map .
add a profile . this will be called when profile is added .
prints a character to the stream .
initializes all views views .
clears all cached discovery data of a given single sign on token id
creates a new dnetscapecapolicyurl dialog .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
parses a comma - separated list of integers , with range - checking .
creates a new directory or file .
below method will be used to close all the streams
construct a dense initial size set .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
parse an individual sip message header from a string .
helper function to convert a color component in linear rgb space to srgb space . used to build a static lookup table .
records the beginning of the module .
rotate point p around center point c .
returns true if the given word is pronounceable . this method is originally called us_aswd ( ) in flite 1 . 1 .
adds edges into a list , if any , to be called with the edges added by the input .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
create a new instance based on cache size .
updates the maximum maximum values of the text if required .
enable / disable the triggering event .
show a special mouse event .
this method may return a page of path creation and external path
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
adds ids to the filter .
stops the monitor on a get request .
normalizes an url to its canonical form and authority
invokes the specified debug method .
commits any local transaction .
add an attribute to the class map .
populate the hierarchy slots by boundary maps and boundary
just the name of the class .
concatenate two byte arrays .
returns the log - odds for a given probabilitiy .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
creates a section specification object .
returns the node ' s current node .
adds a host to the blacklist with the given time .
method to add a node to the end of this node .
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
saves this map to a stream ( that is , serializes it ) .
computes standard deviation of a normal distribution
insert entry to a new index .
translates a transform to a stream . calls writetransform ( ) .
checks to see if the virtual volume is supported .
write the property in a safe serialization format .
write the spaces to the writer .
computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables .
handles the panel when the user is clicked .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer , possible moving existing data around if necessary
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
sort the method descriptors by the given descriptor .
parse a property list .
checks if the given annotation has a package .
builds the tooltip for used for nodes that represent multiple graph nodes .
make a graph link for graph .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
removing item click listener
find a position that can be selected ( i . e . , is not a separator ) .
pad a string on the right with spaces till it is at least the specified length .
returns the matching rule names for the specified locale . < p > note that this method does not contain the locale .
check whether the given class is cache - safe in the given context , i . e . whether it is loaded by the given classloader or a parent of it .
writes the contents of this preference object to the given output stream .
creates a part from the encoded and decoded strings .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
creates an epoch year - day year for a specified year . the year epoch year .
returns the descriptor for a given fully qualified class name .
registers a new mbean with the mbeanserver .
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
asynchronously perform a stream reduction
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors . e . g . , for enums , the reflection accessors use enumvaluedescriptors but the native accessors use the generated enum type .
registers an allocated message id if the layout is not already registered .
converts a code node into a code node .
this isn ' t what the ri does . the ri doesn ' t have hard - coded defaults , so supplying your own " content . types . user . table " means you don ' t get any of the built - ins , and the built -
reads string data from a reader
compute the similarity between two points in meters
force overflow of the overflow flag . if the event is full , then no overflow will be canceled .
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters .
divide and conquer brownian bridge
construct new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern . the pattern may contain two special characters : < br > ' * ' means zero or more characters < br > ' ? ' means one and only one character
merge two double objects with the same distance .
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
copies the text without overriding it .
handles save button request .
creates the description text component .
creates an httprequest with a default client .
create a signer for the with either implicit or explicit trailers for iso9796 - 2 .
decode text data from a text string .
extract values from the collection .
whether the stack is running on a htc device
converts a string to an array of bytes using the specified encoding . the encoding uses a character encoding of the characters are converted to characters .
returns lowest node . this node might not be in range , so most usages need to check bounds .
get the number of sub - predicate clauses .
creates a line primitive with a specified color for each point .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
compute a reasonable length
determine the drop action from the event
adds a variable to set to the clause .
step to the next hashmap value , if any , reset svcs and svcidx , and return false if everything exhausted .
creates a list of icon markers for the specified locations .
checks the network connect status .
assigns a thread to the declared manager .
this method validates the dynamic attribute , calling parsed attributes , and calling it can validate the dynamic attributes from parsed server .
check if an object is an instance of a given class , or , if the class is a primitive type , if the object is an instance of the wrapper class for that primitive ( e . g . , as integer is a wrapper for int ) .
function for beancontextmembership interface
adds a command to the menu .
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
density function of normal distribution .
draws a shape on the given graphics context .
frees all bindings on a certain platform .
load the list of uris from a uri .
eventually sets to the given value .
returns a list of objects such that two nodes are equal if their lists are equal . be careful : the lists may contain namednodemaps and nodes , neither of which override object . equals ( ) . such values must be compared manually .
deprecated . util . collections . collections . collections .
decode from base 64 .
remove all addresses from this job .
clearbit ( int n ) outside zero
given a number , infer it , or a runtime exception .
stop the src speed
encode the name in der form to the stream .
make a new dirty change field changed .
creates an array list and fills it with elements of this list . used by toarray .
removes the given connection from the list of connections to be closed when idle . this will return true if the connection is still valid , and false if the connection should be considered expired and not used .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
splits a string into a set of strings using the splitchar separator .
routine to convert a string to an unsigned long .
return the standard error of the sample kurtosis . ref : r . r . sokal , f . j . rohlf , biometry : the principles and practice of statistics in biological research ( w . h . freeman and company , new york , 1998 , 3rd edition
load the policyinformationtablemodel qualifier into the policy qualifier .
run the given script ( used to start sending ) .
do a subtree leap move .
returns the index of the first or last markersegment in the list of the given class , or - 1 if none is found .
removes all instance from the set of members
create a contentassoc method . the work is done in this separate method so that complex services that need this functionality do not need to incur the reflection performance penalty .
resets the contents of this body .
deletes item at array index removeindex . utility for remove ( object ) and iterator . remove . call only when holding lock .
save the timer to the save .
add an sms to the given uri .
subscribes to an observable , printing all its emissions . blocks until the observable calls oncompleted or onerror .
returns the standard deviation fraction digits ( based on the standard fraction )
internal function for drawing a reference to be re - public remove .
copies a header from a request
send a metric to the registered metric .
put only the predicate field name in the document cache .
finds the resource with the specified url .
renders the object model in it ' s epl syntax textual representation .
determines if the provided character can be built .
creates a new archive .
initialize socket port using port information .
reads a block from a given location .
determines whether any tag should match the given tag .
close this connection to the server .
determines if the given row is expanded .
returns the end of the label in a string of the literal string .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent events through the life of an animation , such as start , repeat , and end .
creates a new defaulthttpmethodretryhandler .
checks repeated bytes field equality . only non - null elements are tested . returns true if the two fields have the same sequence of non - null elements . null - value fields and fields of any length with only null elements are considered equal .
draws the specified text area .
add / update the audio view id
indicates whether the parameter is required .
sends a message to the device .
replace either regular expression or handlers all expressions definitions .
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
print the matrix to the output stream . line the elements up in columns with a fortran - like ' fw . d ' style format .
answers a set backed by a map . and the map must be empty when this method is called .
removes all biomes of this type from the list of biomes allowed to generate
calculates a tiled size of the given row .
converts an integer to a string , prepended with a variable amount of ' 0 ' pad characters , and writes it to the given writer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
creates a filter from a list of filters .
send a blob to the an internal index .
defines what will be the axis labels
merge the original set with this interval into a new set .
drop all the spaces that come from the given condition .
adds an existing node to the list
print text on console .
trims the counter to the specified array .
recursive call to further subdivide the array .
checks that thread does not terminate within the given millisecond delay .
create a new singleton manager .
apply gaussian and data to the regression array .
on message received handler
insert the via clearance violations .
returns true if , for one of the buffers , the threshold has been exceeded .
converts string to byte array .
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
for f format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . ' + ' character means that the conversion will always begin with a sign ( +
returns the length of this font .
write a portion of an array of characters .
rounds this point , so that if this point is on the left side of any directed line with direction p_dir , the result point will also be on the right side .
determines a proxy for the given target .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this list . ( in other words ,
indicates whether the server is currently running .
decrypt the given manifest file .
register a user with the given username and name
select the columns in the builder
checks if the mbean can dispatch the provided package .
convert a string representation of the model into a set .
re - initializes the user input stream .
writes the location in a string to the file .
this method returns the offset in the file .
evaluates the xpath expression as a single string .
converts http headers into a http proxy http headers .
calculates the playback of an audio data based on the current level
initialize the shader program .
checks if the given alias exists in this keystore .
invert the set of relations selected in the table . don ' t change the state of any relation .
float value of a negative bigdecimal
binds a key store to a service .
this draws the parts of the list .
is this instruction a merge instruction that can be either an instruction to be a " instruction " instruction literal . instructions .
load the native trust manager .
tell if the current node is outside the document element .
creates a new thread pool .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
clears the penetration information .
returns the name of this element type .
adds a specific helper text to the color , which indicates the password strength .
pseudo the currently pending task
creates a new listbasedtokenstream which uses the given attributes as its source .
resolve a class specified by the descriptor using the specified classloader or the super classloader .
creates a new map based from an existing map with just valid parameters . tries to convert parameters to required type .
retrieve a key from a byte array . the key we either find out of different key or length 0 . less than 10 % and a .
add a collection of seeds to the graph .
add a state to this array .
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
retries regcreatekeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
add a new task to the item .
initialize the compute shader .
sorts the elements in place
creates an object from a byte buffer .
generate a group name based on policy parameter
test method from apache derby project class org . apache . derbytesting . functiontests . tests . jdbcapi . databasemetadatatest takes a result set and an array of expected column types from java . sql . types and asserts that the column types in the result set metadata match the
creates a new action handler .
add a new row to the table .
pushes the new term to the top of the stack , and writes new blocks .
create a new numericliteral .
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the children .
cas head field . used only by enq .
ensure the buffer is large enough .
remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
returns a new map with the same mappings as the given map .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name
skips all whitespace from the reader .
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique . multiple separators may be specified and the earliest found in the input string is used .
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of a collection . the constructed priority queue has the initial capacity of 110 % of the size of the collection . the queue uses natural ordering to order its elements .
get identifier of sub - schema
see above for explanation .
returns true if the initial content is initial , false otherwise .
replaces a single character sequences using the given separator .
binary schema change the given container xml file to change the default value
is vanilladb initialized ?
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
http : / / b / 3042574 gzipinputstream . skip ( ) causing crc failures
creates a data package with information used by the server when responding to requests
prints a boolean to this output stream and flushes this output stream .
creates a new memory communication summary .
closes the current connection
creates a new version object from the current one , but removes the given qualifier from it if it exists .
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string for display
unregister all baggage handler that is invoked any time baggage operations are performed on valid baggages
creates a new " circular " aka " sine of the specified dataset .
compares two lists of values against the expected scope .
collects up the text to the given text .
oracle annotation function in correctly .
parses the given expression list .
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections .
calculate the exponential distribution for a lambda value
flush the internal buffer
removes a character from the buffer .
add a plotter to the graph , which will be used to plot entries
utility for ceiling , floor , lower , higher methods .
add a listener to this eventdispatcher .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
returns true if there is another match in the input , starting from the given position . the region is ignored .
actionlistener interface . sets action .
check whether the given charsequence contains any whitespace characters .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
decode the encoded value using the specified coder , and returns the base64 encoding of the encoded bytes .
checks if the data set is set .
adds values to the first function
return list of results in db
does the actual float operation .
adds a long value to the request .
compare the two objects into their natural order .
add an actionlistener for this checkbox to all components .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
subtract or updates the rect of this instance from the other instance .
returns a string representation of this object .
get the first field of the class .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
send a warning log message
updates the key ready ops and selected key set .
extracts the first element of this list .
handles user actions generated within the panel .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts ) illegalstateexception should be thrown .
upgrades a server instance .
creates an instance of a class .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
create a msrp session
create a new forum post . you must set the forum id for the post .
draws the mark on the specified graphics context .
called when component has changed .
get the string represenentation of this step for diagnostic purposes .
description of the method
this method can be invoked when a label is changed .
writes bytes to the output stream .
updates the point listener .
joins this task , without returning its result or throwing its exception . this method may be useful when processing collections of tasks when some have been cancelled or otherwise known to have aborted .
return the value of slide based on left and width of the element
creates a new http request wrapper .
convert a panel to a panel .
forwards http request to forward it forwards the http request .
get primary - free resultset for a single key
reads long as little endian .
converts a token text node to a human readable .
adds a new csv record to the list of items
this method should not raise any exceptions .
spins / yields / blocks until node s is matched or caller gives up .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
finds a producer for the given target type .
initialize the compute shader .
handler for execution requests
center set of nodes half way between top and bottom most node in the list
append text to the internal buffer
restores the state of the shown shown in the database .
constructs a new instance .
undoes the last undo list .
method check , if internet is available .
close the underlying writer .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
processes the process listener .
extracts unique musicid from the mediaid . mediaid is , by this sample ' s convention , a concatenation of category ( eg " by_genre " ) , categoryvalue ( eg " classical " ) and unique musicid . this is necessary so we know where the user selected the
verify identity . getscope ( ) returns identity ' s scope
build a list of parameters that can be provided to a method .
this is a fast operation ( logarithmic in the size of the cell union ) .
creates a seeded simplex noise generator with the given random
converts to primitive array .
processes one line of the entire input file that is newly supplied .
lazily construct the lookup table for this schema . used to accelerate name - based lookups of schema information .
returns a string representation of the object
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
adjusts the indentation to the underlying wrapped level .
retrieves the maximum weighted capacity of the map .
get the code of the token .
generate random string of the first value within the range .
unit test verifies that we can write and finally read back a write operation .
searches for the file and returns the one of the given file paths .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don ' t handle any extensions !
internal method to perform the normalization .
appends the string associated with the range in which the specified double value fits to the specified string buffer .
configuration properties from the jvm .
obtains the url to obtain the session id .
test whether the cache returned from the database ( which match the cache database ) are deleted .
return true if the given amount is at most " example .
creates an element tag .
modifies the file contents of a file in given directory .
the commands to execute when in state 2 .
tests the listing of the options
return the location based on a lat / lon pair
notifies when the size or the orientation of the view has actually changed .
remove a scroll bar
process notification of the end of an xml element being reached .
convert a 2 - d image to an int [ ] .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
gets number of selectors queue .
constructs a new daccessdescriptionchooser dialog .
clears any references the scene is holding for its contents . this does not clear the items themselves as they may be held by some other scene .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
find the " best " distance between two reflex segments . the mitre will be beveled , and the minimum of the segments between the two paths .
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
multiply two numbers of different scales
limit leaseduration by limit , and check for negative value .
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
formats double to string
creates a new generator with the specified number formatter .
a method to ask if items is visible
creates a new place id from the given oid .
cache an attribute value pair to cache
reads a policy configuration into the policy object using a reader object . < p >
extract value from provider for given volume info key , and then get its name and use that to inject to map .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
loads the specified file into the table
called when the destination is changed .
gzip compress a inputstream to a gzip stream .
returns the hash code for this object .
builds a new address with the given prefix and suffix .
creates an identity provider .
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index . the capacity of the vector is simply doubled until it can accomodate its size .
performs a command line synchronously .
load hex bytes from the hex file
triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
this method returns the escaped base64 string as a base64 encoded string .
writes out a source / sink specification object for java method parameters
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . this method must have the standard signature for a readobject method , and the body of the method must begin with " s . defaultreadobject ( ) ; " . other than that , any semantic checks can be specified and
parses the given reader from the given reader .
excludes the destination in the order of text .
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
add a file to the classpath .
inserts a byte array into the insert result set .
put all of the data objects into the specified collection .
version 1 . read the major version number .
the template source definition .
creates the checksum for a byte array .
if the feature has been modified , invoke the given value if set .
return the temporary file that will be removed when it is a temporary file .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
allocate a new instance .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
prints an error message .
a method for other parts of the application to get stats the command processor uses this to report stats on request
applies the values to the x - matrix of vector .
this method cannot be called directly .
returns all the text at the given url .
loads the move participants for the given element .
determine the preference expressions of the relation according to the specified relation .
paint the arrow in pressed state .
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
sets the user state to a new user .
returns true if there are more parsing events and false otherwise
closes the current connection
extracts xmpmeta from a jpeg image file stream .
initialize the validator model .
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets bayesnet parent sets .
resets the engine to initial state .
creates the user to show a specific name .
turn a phred error into a probability
returns the descriptor representing the given type .
get the string encoded version of this object
consumes a token if the supplied expected types of the expected output .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ) . updates values in a several columns in the table
this test initially was created to update the bug when longvarchar column is used , but it revealed the bug with blobs . we try to execute some blob updates one by one in non - autocommit mode . this tests if transaction is started before the blob is created
check if this type is assignable from the given type .
method used to insert advance collection in egdemanddetail table .
samples a message from the wire .
handle an operation maintenance operation .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
times and records the duration of event .
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1 . 5 + compatible bytecode version .
adds mapping that will be added when the index gets created .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
finds the first replace template .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
add a circularprogressviewlistener to this view
creates a new site .
draws the given transform .
method for beancontextchild interface .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
reset all the variables in the given array .
releases the app back to the app .
deletes all the tables in the database .
finds one category for a given category .
mark a default session token as removed for a particular site .
inserts the device to the consistency group .
construct a request without a origin .
computes the alpha value of the tab based on its discard status .
converts unix time to " unix time " .
generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key . then attaches a hashed mac , which is contained in the ciphertextivmac class .
removes the address from this user
measures the width and height of the view , preserving the aspect ratio of the image displayed if wrap_content is used . the image will scale within this box , not resizing the view as it is zoomed .
to fire off the end element trace event
verifies the migrate of migrate from the sampled file .
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
formats the arguments passed to the message .
for a given utterance or token , see if it has a pending element of type voice , and also constructs a corresponding prosody element .
create the path to check if the specified name is available on .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
creates the ticker text for a notification having | title | and | body | . the notification ' s title will be printed in bold , followed by the text of the body .
add a protocol to the current pipeline if it doesn ' t exist yet .
provides detailed description of this annotation instance , including all member name - values pairs .
adds the key to the list .
loads configuration from a resource file .
log a line number .
draws the content of a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
construct a public key from its encoding .
return the result count for the given search query . to allow quick repeated look ups , the hit count is cached ( this cache is cleared whenever a change to the search index occurs ) .
tests whether the given left expression is a left - way expression .
adds a new header with the name and value . this may be used to add multiple headers with the same name .
perform an asynchronous max operation
writes a character array followed by a newline .
test verifies that the mark buffer is not empty .
puts the entire lexicon into the cache .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
extracts and returns the indentation specified in the given tab
does the work of getting the path .
performs a random knn query check for the knn distances of the specified node and the knn distances of the knn distances of all nodes .
convenience method to add a new line if it ' s not already there .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is negative ; equidistant
encodes a string using the base64 encoding .
slide the panel depending on the panel .
add a initial draweritem or a draweritem array for the stickydrawerfooter
test whether to log ' debug ' at ' finer ' level
sorts the specified sub - array of longs into ascending order .
reset the list of variables to be compiled .
returns the closest float approximation of the cosine of the argument .
render the react markup
extracts the data from a file .
create a new session for the session id .
compute a cardinal spline , a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of points . cardinal splines maintain c ( 1 ) continuity , ensuring the connected spline segments form a differentiable curve , ensuring at least a minimum level of smoothness .
builds an automaton that accepts the intersection of the languages of the given automata . < p > complexity : linear in total number of states .
tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence . case insensitive .
finds the root root window in the tree .
compares two lists of different values .
returns true if the device contains superuser . apk which is stored into the device in the rooting process .
adds an expression to the expression .
track a motion scroll
this method is called from the rest of the task queue .
finds the component name by its name and description .
returns true if the class is assignable from the generated class .
writes an float field value .
returns the column keys and key fields in the column list
draws a polygon with the given parameters .
this method will convert and fill list of byte buffer to list of byte array
creates a new instance of a class in the specified classloader .
the derived key function , the ith hash of the password and the salt .
make sure that system . runfinalization ( ) returns even if the finalization queue is never completely empty . http : / / b / 4193517
shows the options screen
computes the width of a string .
queries whether text should be added .
actionlistener interface method listens to the user ' s actions .
converte localdatetime para string indicando o formato da tostring
construct new data source .
returns an email from the passed email address .
creates a new instance of the url .
adds a changelistener to the panel
initializes a new instance .
create a new cell .
initialization method that initialization ( ) returns the vdc configuration in handling .
puts an element on the dom document
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
checks to see if the two intervals are equal .
rounds the absolute url of the given relative url to the base url .
start timing and task .
load from the store .
partition a list of instructions in the database .
reset the cached file .
advance to the next token .
parses the string tokens , and returns the first token .
create a new panel object .
this method removes gaps from the graph . it doesn ' t perform any concentration . it takes as an argument of int [ ] of length m_nodes . size ( ) containing the level of each node .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
starts the project with version dir .
convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
retrieve the contexts for an empty platform .
used in chaining requests . if set to true , dependents of this will not continue to execute .
checks whether the given object is a date - time field or not .
converts the given config object into a string .
build a list of all points in the tree
heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap .
branches are initially compressed , needing one node per key plus the size of the string key . they are decompressed as needed when another key with same prefix is inserted . this saves a lot of space , specially for long keys .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
test if file is subtitle format
write the constant to the output stream
initializes the default properties .
add a network to the network vm .
appends content prefix to buffer . < p > scipio : note : orig ofbiz method .
add an error listener .
validate a class name .
imports the base type substitutions .
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node .
record file system event .
creates a core token service exception .
creates a new dnetscapesslservername dialog .
computes the dynamic proxy directories in the current jar file .
trim the given number by a whitespace .
skip the specified number of bytes to the input index .
removes an organization configuration from the organization
removes a group listener .
creates a new instance of threadpool
extracts the key from a column name .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
transforms a key - value pair into a map of key - value pairs .
called if the main window is set . this method should be called with the background thread to dismiss the background .
construct a new component manager .
clears the observer list so that this object no longer has any observers .
decode source bytes from a byte array
calculates crc value of the password based on key length and password
creates a new message logger .
unzips all bytes in the given byte array to the expected size .
insert a combo box into the combo box .
in the standard coroutine architecture , coroutines are identified by their method names and are launched and run up to their first yield by simply resuming them ; its ' s presumed that this recognizes the not - already - running case and does the right thing . we seem
declare the error in a string of error correction
encodes the number as a json string .
creates a map from a name / value pair string
tests two functionality of ivs .
returns the set of keys of this map .
this is where the audio buffer is audio .
create a new instance .
sets this instance ' s default file format .
indent out the height of a given height .
sets the supplied calendar object information makes it easier to midnight makes it easier to compare at just the day level
if possible , reset and prefix .
returns the p - in the list of all points in the given list .
trim or trim so that it is non - null or empty string .
schedule an timer for future .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
re - create an cipher reader .
log information about the current thread .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a literal value , inline array , or inline object . also adjusts the stack to expect either a closing bracket or another element .
hashes bytes in the provided text .
generate the transport device for the specified endpoint .
tests whether a servlet api version 2 . 3 descriptor is correctly detected .
compares this enumerated with another value .
log an error message .
removed an event listener from this transaction .
creates a new execution system .
returns true if the specified element is a command type .
sends a report to the report
returns whether the string starts with prefix .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
a method that can be used to scan the indicated type .
determines the height of this view
handle a mousemoved mouselistener event .
format the given values .
emit a new comment except variables .
draws the border around the top border .
analyze the cleanup and events from the specified map
execute update . saves " dbexecuteerror " in log
returns microseconds running in the current thread .
builds a new entry from the provided lines of ldif .
removes all parser highlights .
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
format a long into an existing array .
appends a char [ ] to the buffer , and appends it to the buffer .
checks to see if this user has read permission on the specified order
determine if the string is an annotation .
check if this block is equivalent to the wrapping of another block that is neither from currentblock
computes the hash code for this principal .
this value takes timestamps into account and is the actual value embedded in the cache file .
returns whether the label can be displayed .
creates a new instance .
open a connection to the server .
install package normal by system intent
createinsertlist removes redundant items from itemdraglist
read the latest page info from a file
decode the length of the input length .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
returns whether the handshake phase has is completed . in case of a broken handshake this will be never the case .
creates a new duplicate parameter constraint .
inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration string according to the syntax spec .
the other party has breached the contract and submitted an old channel transaction .
construct fancyloader , grabbing a reference to the dexfile class if we ' re running under dalvik .
returns true if the source file resource has been modified , false otherwise .
performs an interrupt flip operation for the given peer .
load value from property string value
returns map < string , list < string > > . . , list of all key > .
given a path for a canvas , create a canvas which maps the circle to the given path .
compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality .
see if an action is button
the observer program is about to be written to the server .
resets the display list
copies the directory to the destination directory .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
record log file info .
loads the rewrites from the command line
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes the connection . the connection will close the underlying stream .
recursively computes the weighted statistics of nodes .
handle an http request to the response .
create a negative number from an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
formats the given double value .
remove positions of the items
reset the shape to the nearest , and then resets the shape to the nearest state .
if the hex string is formatted , attempt to create a circle object .
return all possible pawn moves from the given position .
returns the effective numerical matrix rank , which is the number of nonnegligible singular values .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
executes the given variable
save the content of a file
deletes old log files from the specified file .
proposes the subtree of the tree .
flush and close the unisolated connection ( if open ) .
return a bytebuffer from an bufferedimage .
tests all visible bugs .
get the mqtt topic for an device event .
returns the result of the last matching operation . < p > the next * and find * methods return the match result in the case of a successful match .
copy project guidelines from the exported project
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
decodes a url safe string into its original form using the default string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
create a new instance .
called by the caller class loader to get details of the caller class loader .
creates a new instance of the given style string .
convert a color to an angle .
parses the encoded column size of the current string .
encodes the query parameter using utf - 8 and adds it to this url ' s query string .
create image with name , id of button_name and set m_command onclick
creates an instance of the namespace .
atomically decrements by one the current value .
update waves and bubbles positions .
clears the script to have been requested for the client
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
update the last committed date and at the last time .
remove the specified ui control from the ui overlay .
makes this object immutable .
modifies all objects in the specified database .
internal method to handle the positions of the positions of the iff that are not positions in the original position and the changes .
appends the given id to the given buffer , followed by " \ \ e " . [ steal it from opentsdb , thanks opentsdb : ) https : / / github . com / opentsdb / opentsdb / blob / master / src / core / tsdbquery . java
creates a new available migration with this version .
receive notification of a comment .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
sets the title of the page .
select all components of the array .
appends a field to the end of this composite name .
return the number of objects in this set .
like datainputstream . readint except little endian and for unsigned integers .
get the address type of the given command line type .
adds a pause listener to this animation .
makes this object immutable .
returns true if the current instance contains the given attributes .
add a single component to the identifier . the given component is added to the end of the identifier . duplicate instances are not added - - only one instance of a component will exist in the identifier .
opens the url to the given uri .
marks a line as needing a repaint .
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . the databuffer is not initialized and must be a databufferushort compatible with samplemodel . samplemodel must be of type singlepixelpackedsamplemodel .
initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
removes and returns last element , or null if empty .
checks whether the client has already been registered .
reads the process output of the process .
fills a header with appropriate values and sets the response
adds an operand to the polygon
decode the given string .
calculate total number of days based on the amount entered
skips the specified number of characters .
unit test for concurrent modification resulting from insert ( ) and remove ( ) including ( a ) where the root leaf is split by the insert ( ) and ( b ) where remove ( ) causes an underflow that triggers a join of the leaf with its sibling
removes all ims from this ims
escapes a string for use in ascii property lists .
set the content by converting characters to into bytes using the specified encoding .
clears the dictionary cache .
given a arguments , this will produce an argument of the required number of arguments and with the given number of arguments .
renames a file . < p / > because we can change the current working directory .
executes a command on the main thread pool .
a set of kindname ( s ) representing a set of symbol ' s kinds .
returns the length , in characters , of this text managed by the textview
serializes the http response into a string .
collect together the languages supported by the given services and call back once done .
this is the method that can be used to locate the specified encoding .
convert a bufferedimage to a bufferedimage .
( since the start time )
go to the next view using the animator passed in
dmitri ilyin : makes sure if the string is hh encoded sign .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
caches the foreign order of a most recent method .
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number
destroy the managed beans from the given view map and puts it into the view map .
close given outputstream without throwing an exception .
returns the node at the specified index .
returns the visible font of the text .
create a directory if it does not exist . all parent directories must already exist .
create an encoder using the given base and aes wrapping key .
encode the given coordinate in a form ( e . g . " % - lon " ) .
extract the weight values weights .
flush any buffered messages and close all the files .
returns true if the array contains at least one of the other protocols .
ensures that the specified number of additional bytes can hold the specified number of additional bytes .
checks if the number has a region number
trims a string , removing any leading and trailing whitespace .
find the next record in the sketch file .
adds alpha with hex alpha ( alpha 0 . . color ) in the string
stops the server at the end
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
copies the given information into this operand .
load all database objects into the database .
attempts to read a read message from the socket .
to add an element at the end of the queue , waiting up to the queue .
create a new component instance .
inserts the specified part at the specified position .
inserts the value into this builder .
checks if the given nature is a nature and weapon .
dump information about the given message ids .
returns node holding key or null if no such , clearing out any deleted nodes seen along the way . repeatedly traverses at base - level looking for key starting at predecessor returned from findpredecessor , processing base - level deletions as encountered . some callers rely on this side
parses the sort field .
opens the dynamicregionfactory with default settings .
finds a conversion from the given type , optionally using the provided optional extension .
advances the api to the latest time tree that is > = mintime and < = maxtime . if this is not possible , will advance even further to the earliest time after maxtime
this method calls the record and updates the values of the record passed . it also validates the values passed .
forges and sends the options request
setup and run a test .
prints the thread dump information with a custom state .
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
compute the maximum of two values
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
adds a method to the chain of methods after the dot , indicating the this segment is a property and does not need parenthesis and won ' t have paramaters .
returns the request sent .
returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
schedules the given length for the given item .
returns a hash code for this vector .
unsubscribes the actual topic
is operating system unix ?
disconnect from the server .
determines whether a composite name is a suffix of this compound name . a composite name ' n ' is a suffix if it it is equal to getsuffix ( size ( ) - n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name ends
calculates total height that will be used to occupy all the total height based on several sizes .
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid regular expression with at least the given regular expression .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
flushes the binary output stream , padding 0s if number of bits written so far is not a multiple of 8 .
attach the specified footer to a human - readable string .
constructs a new sentence .
tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value
initialize the list of tables for this transaction .
creates a default histogram .
updates the entries related to the given package in memory and persistent db .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of datetime object
adds a set of attributes to the current attributes . if the attribute already exists , the attributes will be merged .
test the case where the thread is preemptively unparked .
commits the segment index .
called when we have finished the fragment .
writes utf8 bytes to the buffer .
converts the given hex string into a plain string .
get all genomes matching the given feature .
visit a branch and update the variables
converts an rate into a human readable and localized kb / s speed .
get the next element from the cache result .
returns true if field size is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
request contacts to be contacts
convenience method to return a string as a double .
creates at test indexcreatedevent .
validates a rule record
given a document , find the url associated with that document .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( inclusive ) .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
enqueues the specified event to the queue .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
generate a parameter using the specified algorithm .
reads the state from the stream .
checks whether a character is a valid token character . whitespace , control characters , and http separators are not valid token characters . the http specification ( rfc 2616 , section 2 . 2 ) defines tokens only for the us - ascii character set , this method extends
draw line at given offset , calculate the labels between the first and last draw one value .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
don ' t use this when obfuscating class names !
writes a string followed by a newline .
round - trip a uri to a base uri .
paints the background of a set of background tabs .
returns a byte array .
adds another import source .
draw a polygon at the specified location .
creates a new environment loader .
unmarshal parameters for the specified method .
reloads the data from the service .
create a localized resource name based on a resource name and a locale .
converts an array of objects into string .
draws an icon at the specified location .
synchronizes the number of milliseconds that have been updated
full reset the loading of the properties object .
converts a buffered image into a compatible buffered image
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
test if the task was cancelled .
removes a member from this directededgestar .
returns true if , at the current time , the named event could be generated .
receives message and batches as needed .
sets the date to obtain the builder .
decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within " the normalized thumb x - coordinate .
cleans up all files in the specified directory
this method can be used to determine if the format can be determined by the unit .
adds a recorded duration .
open the atomic file for reading . if there previously was an incomplete write , this will roll back to the last good data before opening for read . you should call close ( ) on the fileinputstream when you are done reading from it . < p > note
submit a task to the task queue .
creates default implementation of task distributor
dumps the samples to the given writer .
add editor to this editor .
adds an incomplete room to the database .
compute the desired magnitude of a unit vector projected to a given planet model . the unit vector is specified only by a z value .
trims the string , removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string . non - breaking whitespaces are also removed .
validate the verify details associated with the correct key provider .
parses a node in the xml structure and returns the corresponding nsobject
convenience method that creates a pair of related debits and credits for accrual based accounting . the target accounts for debits and credits are switched in case of a reversal account .
calculate the next point of the layer ' s corner list .
serialize object to a bytebuffer object .
executed upon sending a packet away . put your arbitrary data into the bytebuffer , and retrieve it on the receiving side when readbytes is executed .
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness .
returns the maximum value in the array .
fill a shape with a list of polygons . used for example with an area consisting of a border polygon and some holes .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
move the current month to the previous day .
accepts an ipv4 address in the form of an integer and returns the corresponding byte array .
validates the provided template .
this operation is not supported because pictures are mutable .
a more accurate , see description .
closes the connection . this method will be called once when the connection is closed .
resolves a basic atom characters . this method resolves the definition of the 2 characters .
draw a single data item .
creates a list of functions from the specified location .
checked the network connect status .
set up for the tab closing animation
adds idffauthcontext to the collection
its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection , but all past and future packets wont . connection will be closed [ by dispatcher thread ] , and ondisconnect ( ) method will be called to clear all other things . forced means that server shouldn ' t
replace a list of edges with a new edge .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
creates a new seaglassinternalframetitlepane object .
returns a string representation of this stack .
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream .
given a container name , find the container url container name for container .
given a source directory and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found in the given source directories . modulespecs that didn ' t contain wildcards are left alone ( it ' s not checked
retrieves charset from the given charset name .
creates a nsdate from an integer .
dump a printable message to system . out .
execute a query based on the sql string given . for each record of the resultset return , execute a callback function
the name of the variable to cache t . class values .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
maps a library name to the normal logger
returns the next matching patterns .
ensures that the process is running .
appends a field to the class .
function populates the original font directory , and then calls to gsubrs file . the function of the font is passed in .
tests if the queue matches the sequence ( as with match ) , and if they do , removes the matched string from the queue .
initialize the current surface . this is the faster due to faster / initialized .
clears the scrap heap .
instantiates a new create request parameters .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
adds an http header line containing a field name , a literal colon , and a value . this works around empty header names and header names that start with a colon ( created by old broken spdy versions of the response cache ) .
merge nodes . merge two nodes according to the merging rules of the masternode . each subclass should override this method .
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal
binds a value from the given parameters and binds it with the given value .
creates the simple panel panel with the provided experiment .
adds a listener of attribute events .
process the command line arguments .
returns true if zoning required
initialize the structure of the structure .
returns true if this attribute has the specified name
check whether this charseq starts with the specified character .
checks if the window contains a window .
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties . this method can be called when a bound property has changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered propertychangelisteners .
starts fading to the specified layer .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field . null - value and 0 - length fields have the same hash code .
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject , assigning it a unique id and initializing its last modified time to the current system time .
parse a method string [ ] array in a class name and return a double array object .
for creating a new review .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
instantiates a new voice .
find the start of the next character in the string that is not a start and end of the following character .
permite componer los el documento .
decodes a color from the default color .
this method recursively calls itself . it forward - constructs a list of seen types ( upon test ) , and backward - constructs a list of required modules ( upon success ) .
get the distance between this location and another vector , squared .
calculates the number of milliseconds that have passed since the requested suspend .
from design pattern , o ' reilly . . . this method is used by the framework for cleanup after there are no more key / value pairs to process .
add all distinct entry to list1 from list2
starts the use of an object . < p > this method must be called during any other objects registered .
sends messages to kafka .
creates a string of a given character .
adds a connection to the list .
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
adds the given listener to its internal list .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array .
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements , increasing its size if necessary . the size increases exponentially to ensure amortized linear time complexity .
adds new values to the series .
description of the method
calculates the rotation angle between two angles in radians .
count the occurrences of the character in the sequence .
creates a crlnumberextension with the integer value of the specified criticality .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
calculate the log probability for a normally distributed message centered at mu .
returns a new instance that is temporal with the provided duration .
upcall from native code
todo need think about if multi - put is necessary , by checking if autoflush works
index = = - 1 when new .
extracts secret key from uri
method to send a contact . if the contact is already present , it will have the same contact as the start of the contact last one .
add a generated class to the list of src classes .
tests whether the list has started that are currently active
parses the given string for a textual representation for time and returns the time value in seconds past midnight . the following formats are recognized : hh : mm : ss , hh : mm , ssss .
returns true if stop watch is running
parses the properties file .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
return a string representation of this amount ' s state .
tests whether tasks are empty .
check if the value matches the given dataset
quick exp , with a max relative error of about 3e - 2 for | value | & lt ; 700 . 0 or so , and no accuracy at all outside this range . derived from a power , for | & lt ; | & lt ; |
gets the class path and implements the given class name .
write the string to the output stream .
all annotations declarations nested inside of a package .
tries to find a kd - route from a given node in any way , starting with a way .
updates the cursor displayed by the update .
returns true if the mouse event specifies the middle / button .
adds a successful message to the list of messages .
starts the timer running .
close the input stream and close it .
assign next log segment sequence number based on a decreasing list of log segments .
read the next compile from the input stream , using the ratio as needed .
asserts that the value of an encoded property is set .
called when a block size is going to be established .
returns true if the executor has js worker .
returns the current time in milliseconds .
equivalent to assert cond : value ;
add definition cos definition
create a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation . the format of the xml required is determined by the output of the toxml ( ) method .
converts the string representation to a qname .
get the resulting y - position of the bottom edge of the crop window given the handle ' s position and the image ' s bounding box and snap radius .
generates an identity string for the token id .
exports all scopes names of symbols only
returns true if m has fulfilling bit set .
add a data source listener
finds the effective hierarchy in the given hierarchy , creating a corresponding hierarchy
changes to the stopping state .
reads an input stream from the specified input stream and writes it to the specified position .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
ensure there is at least one animation for every path in group ( linking them by names ) build the " current " path based on the first group
cancels included turnouts only option
removes all entries from the root node .
shows an error dialog .
checks that the given string is a valid encrypted suffix .
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
parses comma - separated list whole string based on the given input string .
draws a 3d bar for the given parameters .
checks the if the object is a generic trusted object
creates a new persistent search request control .
connects this synapse group to another one .
multiply a character by a number . the ordinal value of the character is used in the multiplication ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
normalize a charsequence into a string .
adds a zone change listener .
write byte array to the buffer we need to be able to efficiently handle large arrays beyond size of the blobthreshold , so
start the listener of a resource
returns the value list so that it can be sorted again .
reset any explicit or default - set hooks . < p > note : this should only be used for testing purposes .
a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using as a disk filename .
records the timestamp when the average was removed .
triggers test case failure if any thread assertions have failed , by rethrowing , in the test harness thread , any exception recorded earlier by threadrecordfailure .
parses the given input string . the input must contain a valid json value , optionally padded with whitespace .
get the maximum radius of the ellipse
returns a copy of the receiver as a char array .
the size of pending workers
inserts a component into this component .
unescapes a given string .
draws the chart legend .
appends the url to the http path .
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map . the map is created with a capacity of 1 . 5 times the number of mappings in the given map or 16 ( whichever is greater ) , and a default load factor ( 0 . 75
adds a new rule selector to the style list .
appends the next byte data to the end of the data .
checks if the page is latest .
initializes this logger ' s resource bundle .
creates a layer object .
check if the package has the nonce package
remember a factory to remember a host .
adds a long value to the request .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot .
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
this method is used for method dispatch
remove all views that are not present in the user
indicates if the component has a highlight , which is highlight the highlight , if the component is in the view .
completely remove an action .
buffer the length of the error message .
gets next fasta record
adds the specified character to self .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
removes a child from this group .
check to see if this storageport already exists
appends a split element to the beginning
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
chunk : in order to catch resources
flushes the underlying stream .
starts this http connection .
appends a new string to a maximum number , and returns a copy of the number if necessary .
cuts a copy of the list to a new array .
stops the set of running tasks .
release all backup agents and decommission the backup manager .
configure the once prefix .
writes the current transform to the target .
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal
creates a new chain based on the existing chain with the new element added at the end
parse the operator in an operator . and append it to be used as an operator .
returns whether this drag is dragging to the specified selector .
queue up the necessary number of times to the backend places .
removes the xy series from the list .
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
writes the result file to a file .
the default implementation class .
this method will write metadata at the end of file file format in thrift format
renders the tree child nodes
replace the regular expression with the replacement string .
returns true if the two characters are equivalent ignoring the characters .
resize file to be read before calling size .
creates a list of pin from default pin pin .
run this command with the arguments and the server
parse a reference document .
creates the code to generate a method .
launches an editor for this node .
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
drop multiple drop tables from database .
creates a new disk segment .
answers if a request in the database .
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
the function convert_polar_stereographic_to_geodetic converts polar stereographic coordinates ( easting and northing ) to geodetic coordinates ( latitude and longitude ) according to the current ellipsoid and polar stereographic projection parameters . if any errors occur , the code ( s ) are returned by the function , otherwise polar_no_error is
asserts aspects of a uri
a function to find the maximum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
sets shared lock on the directory block when crabbing down for read .
removes a reference to the connection .
tests if queue starts with a letter or letter .
creates a new environment random number .
generate the rmi environment for a remote class .
add long click view id
removes a point from the list .
convert a image to a file , clearing it in a jpeg format .
converts an array of 4 bytes into a long .
decodes unicode escapes . interpretation of " \ \ uxxxx " escape sequences where xxxx is a hex - number .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
remove formatting from a line of irc text .
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
prints the current simulation information to the stream .
return true if empty .
write a local data csv to a file .
creates global configuration for the default instance of the service given the configuration attributes .
deletes an existing authentication module .
add a sourcecoderemark on the given element with a preset evidence element collection
limit event to new action .
method retrieves the pem encoded data from the stream and returns its decoded representation . method checks correctness of pem boundaries . it supposes that the first ' - ' of the opening boundary has already been read from the stream . so first of all it checks that the
saves the given entity
tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
builds parent reference to parent ' s parent
create a new intcolumn .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
converts an appropriate scope clause to a select expression .
executes the script at the specified location and returns the result .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
produce a string from the given input rate .
checks whether this iterator has been closed .
start the message processing thread .
makes a new simplifier for the given package and set of types .
this escapes backslashes are used as byte array .
converts a name into the format for the correct language .
the graphical representation of the series values as text .
converts a dom document to a string .
performs a batch of test addresses .
converts a value of xml boolean type to boolean object .
are there more work list items ?
changes current seed by supplementing a seed argument to the current seed , if this already set ; the argument is used as first seed otherwise . < br > the method overrides " enginesetseed ( byte [ ] ) " in class securerandomspi .
generate the class file for this class file .
use the native font properties for this instance .
main entry point for the launcher . note : this method calls system . exit .
get a feature string .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
stops the thread pool .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
checks if the queue is reached .
short : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value
utility function to draw an horizontal margin indicator
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name . if the old value and the new value are not null and equal the event will not be fired .
remove all markers marker markers
captures edit buffer with current text content
converts the given value to a localized string version .
test whether the client was fully established or not .
initialize the layout with starting values .
runs the test case .
checks a stack frame value .
creates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
create a template value from a string .
returns whether the buttons should be displayed .
initiate signature type by private key
select one network for the given host and port .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
write a resource post with the given parameters to the resource
close the file opened when creating the mp4parser .
construct a new event listener .
return a list of node objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
gets the job context .
initializes the shape used by the array indices for the given 2d array .
count how many times the total count
adds the given method to this class .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
add a replication operation to the end of the simulation .
show the initial image frame and show the image stack .
for uuencoded buffers , the entire line number of bytes in the input stream .
adds a transaction that encapsulates a transaction .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
does this method have no incoming edge ?
instantiates a new mapping .
selects an attribute for the product
this method will check to see if a file already exists
test verifies that commits of failed returned by the journal committed .
prints an object to this output stream and flushes this output stream .
stops the heart beat and calls the now .
reads bytes from a given file reader until either a specified character sequence is read , the buffer is completely filled or the end of file is reached .
generate the graph file . . .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
a variant test method to execute a single transaction .
method for beancontextchild interface .
creates the extended entity configuration under the realm .
true if the entry is expired .
loads the user into the dialog .
gets the direction corresponding to the specified key for the direction .
create a new trace by concatenating all the elements of the given parent
indicates if the tooltip will stay persistent on the screen to support interaction within the tooltip component .
makes a timestamp from separate strings for month , day , year , hour , minute , and second .
handles a new task . if the container is already present , it must be a multiple task for the new task .
update the percent unit position
find the configuration file in the directory given by name .
draws a range marker .
if the given word has a word trying to add a word to the lexicon .
this is invoked when the user has clicked on a preference click view .
read the hash of the http headers header
returns the boolean value of the given string . returns null if argument is null .
sends data from a list of received messages
adds + live to the query
gets the contents at the given uri .
check existence of config section element
creates a new instance .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
parse a hexadecimal unicode character .
creates new form dialog
computes the location on a great circle arc with the given azimuth and azimuth angle .
initialize the gui components .
paint the check mark in enabled state .
tries to find a point in the supplied uri where this uri can be safely split into a local part and a local name . according to the given uri .
write log file in xml format to disk .
reloads the dialogue state
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
indents the specified text , surrounds it with brackets and put the content on a separate line .
adds the content element to the element list
expands the hash " spine " - equivalent to increasing the number of buckets in a conventional hash table .
reconnect to zookeeper , if required .
returns the records to the collection .
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
returns true if this event has the same name but with its value .
reset all components before parsing and namespace context
computes the circle distance from the circle to another .
creates a new command .
grows the size of the stack
returns the given string in lowercase
create an instance with the specified mouse event modifiers .
breadth - first search implementation on your graph . it will iteratively : assign current scan value to all source nodes scan source nodes neighbor to find the reachable nodes that have not been reached yet compute next level value and consider all the reachable neighbors as the new source
creates the view and analyzes the type
check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
called by various controllers to send packets discovery .
create a new instance .
closes this input stream .
creates a new policy object .
rollback method for create a method created .
converts a string denoting an amount of time into milliseconds . strings are expected to follow this form where # equals a digit : # m the following are permitted for denoting time : h = hours , m = minutes , s = seconds
detach the given activity from manager
read the preferences settings from the console .
tries to add a download object to the inactive list .
if tlacodenextline does not equal " " , then add it to tlacode and adds mappingvectornextline to mappingvector if it to the mapping
uppercase the string is uppercase
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the string type for the given character .
whether this instruction is a good identifier .
removes redundant card from a set of digits
returns a random int between 0 and 1 .
updates the calendar when the event is selected .
stores last used time in the session .
checks if we can have a container or not .
extracts " oid " token
tests if there are no duplicate messages in the table and there are no active replica this message .
updates the prediction stats using the given scheme .
return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane , false if it shouldn ' t . files that begin with " . " are ignored .
add two numbers of the same length . the first one is positive and the second is negative . the first one is greater in absolute value .
adds a keepalive connection .
this method will increment the access count for a column by 1 whenever a column is getting used in query or incremental data load
creates the cluster membership cluster ids .
compares two doubles for equality .
convert bitmap to byte array
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
returns the logarithm of a number .
method to edit an entry with the passed id .
evaluates the uf6 problem .
creates a new legend object .
reads next variable length block from input .
add a running webster to this chunk
copies the data from this vector to another one .
add the increment to the output sensor state .
initialize the channel . the channel must be written to the end of the channel .
resets the queue to next call and clears the queue
if a value is present , invoke the specified consumer with the value , otherwise do nothing .
send a dim / bright command to the insteon hardware to reach a specific intensity . acts immediately , and changes no general state . < p > this sends " dim " commands .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads the next token from standard input , parses it as a float , and returns the float .
creates a new instance of the scheduler .
java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int )
calculates control width and creates text layouts
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
always return true since we wanna get all vars in scope
receive notification of character data .
convert string representation to readable representation .
sends a plain text message
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
remove a thread from the list .
instantiates a new child node .
reads the settings from source file and turns it as a string .
deletes the license file .
overridden to send a problem instance for testing purposes .
encoding loop on private thread
read the view from the input stream .
updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
creates a new dnetscapecarevocationurl dialog .
removes the selected key from the cursor .
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
creates a directory and its parent path
is operating system windows 10 ?
returns all known functions .
adds all items to the end of the list
returns a list of proxy for the proxy in the proxy .
adds all definitions of the existing list of definitions to the existing list of definitions .
adds a new observation with the specified value and group .
modifies the percent - in - memory transactions .
read some bytes from the stream .
creates a new ldif entry reader which will read lines of ldif to the provided list .
updates the results of the given person .
remove item at the given position
if license is present in the list of contacts that are known to be shown .
add a new key to the existing hashtable .
detects a gts gts with a gts instance .
generate logging out of code .
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
adds a new recurrence relation
creates a new accountcreator .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
adds the given flags to this delta .
performs a certificate against the keystore .
delete articles , which belongs to non - existent feeds
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the supplied list . this includes views displayed on the screen as well as views stored in abslistview ' s internal view recycler .
creates a new proxy instance .
paints the graphics object .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
copies data from an input stream to an output stream using a buffer of specified size .
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory as - is .
adds a triangle to the and returns the result .
write rdf ids to an ast .
adds a checkboxmenuitem to the checkbox .
draws the background for the plot .
push the current clip onto the stack .
drop an existing full text index for a table . this method returns silently if no index for this table exists .
gets but does not remove the head of the queue .
adds a processor to the internal processor queue .
adds the given opcode opcode at the given opcode opcode .
initializes the resource name with configuration information , usally set by the administrators . the main configration information retrived is mainly like wild card pattern used , one level wild card pattern used , case sensitivity etc .
delete an old , free pool entry to make room for a new one . used to replace pool entries with ones for a different route .
convert less than one thousand
returns true if the uri represents an embedded resource .
change current state and state .
attempt to parse link a link from a string .
comments are attributed to have comments comment .
reads the given file as a string , using the default encoding for the file .
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
checks if the user should have access to the app . binds the service if necessary . < p > note : we can let dexguard obfuscate the string that is passed into bindservice . < p > source string : " com . android . vending . licensing .
closes the stream . if it is already open , the loading blocks , does not exist .
returns the index of one of the available operators randomly selected using the probabilities .
takes a string list and splits it into chunks list
this method will convert string to boolean array
decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer .
clears the number of mappings in this activitymap .
computes the integer depth of a color .
shuts down the server .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
executed when the i / o has completed
write the golomb code of a value .
add a new force function to the simulator .
convert a metric to a metric string .
i . e . , if any missing matches the missing value
constructs a new gradient from the specified double .
prepare - e . g . , get parameters .
checks if the url is already configured .
convert a csv list into an array of strings .
this method will be used to read the byte array from file based on offset and length ( number of bytes ) need to read
invoke the given error
move a backup file . use this before writing to a backup file .
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
remove storage files from the process .
append a new config to the container .
read a record from the settings .
removes users from the people container .
checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards .
removes a region from the collection
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception .
the start of an element .
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
creates a new storage instance .
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
adds a breakpoint listener .
overriden to paint the background of the current image .
removes and signals threads from queue for phase .
returns an initialized dateformat object .
prints the stack trace of the throwable to a string .
check the type of a declaration .
represents a new block controller .
returns the poisson distribution function .
find the expression for a given source expression .
adds another shard channel .
deletes all files in a folder
pipes all the methods of the specified file to the given output stream . if the file already exists , the new file will be returned .
releases the underlying receiver . this is only safe to do after the associated thread has completed , which is managed in camera source ' s release method above .
trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue .
checks to see if the given delay is within the timeout .
submits task to execution pool
add the given attribute to the selection .
creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .
samples values associated with the specified key in this array .
on open we manage some statistics , and add this connection to the channel group .
configures it was available .
determines if this id corresponds to the ' next ' execution window .
check whether the given class is visible in the given classloader .
removes the head of the queue .
constructs a xml builder .
returns true if the argument is a string .
adds all the items from the specified list to the end of this list .
remove a card from the list of card .
test based on some sample data .
a function that generates password - based aes & hmac keys . see generatekeyfrompassword .
produces the short version of the code .
filter the child view at index and remove it if appropriate .
check if a declaration has already been made for a given prefix .
add a step to the simulation .
calculate the physical status attack .
gets a vertex for the vertex with a specific iteration .
releases the thread pool .
check that a collection containing the given shard name and collection must be mapped . if a collection is not null , an error is thrown .
return this as a typedeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception
converts a partition name to a map of spec
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
regression test for harmony - 4396
delete the es flag
builds an unconditional hilbert from the given input matrix .
add a expression to the expression
increments the get time accumulator .
check whether the specified saturation is valid or not .
parses a string into a constant - style .
emits a pseudo property change
runs the command in the provided directory .
returns the selectable channel .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
creates a tag string from the given byte array .
show filter for initializing filters .
retries regsetvalueex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
parses a date object from the twitch api .
test this to sort a single field with the given ids .
validates the attributes of the dataset .
add a qualifier to the jcas index .
find a preferred identity provider ids
check if the given directory exists and is not created .
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . values storage should be enabled to use this method .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
find the next day containing the event .
prints a float followed by a newline .
get a register with a value
post processing on failed authentication .
builds a method from provided list of methods .
builds a qualifier value for a qualifier .
find all the necessary substitutions after types in the directory .
remove all instructions in a given order
returns the number of times the token appears in the target .
initializes the set of test expressions from a given map .
build the map locations .
check gml footprint validity
creates a timetable ( network change events file )
compute probit ( inverse cdf ) for expgamma distributions .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
the quick assist assistant .
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
add a validation error to the list of detected validation errors
parses a string representation of a option .
generates credentials for client side .
builds the named solr instance
starts the json string .
create a connection to the jmx agent and setup the m [ x ] bean proxies .
run method tests works .
registers a listener to receive events .
creates a unique message name based on the current system name and a unique uuid .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
handles when a click is selected .
adjusts the location of an instruction to do a normal method .
used to have some meaningful info on this object
returns a copy of a vector in a given array .
creates a unique new temporary directory under " java . io . tmpdir " .
processes all job information .
creates an element in the xml encryption 1 . 1 specification namespace .
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
draw wind on loading animation
checks if we have proxy configuration settings in the properties .
check if the expression is equal to its default static value
parse key - value pairs to map , ignore empty key
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
creates a new websiteaddress from | originorhostorpattern | .
test that we can write to the file filter .
resets the pending charges list .
add the pad bytes to the passed in block , returning the number of bytes added .
add a page to the page stack .
returns a string representation of the array .
inserts a sequence of statements before the start of this sequence when the sequence object is not null , otherwise does nothing .
notify listeners that an activity has occurred during successfully
if the value is nan , then return 0 .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
round a float value to the decimal place
constructs with the specified arguments .
returns a string describing classifier
is operating system windows xp ?
converts a date object to a string representation
calculates the size of the component based on a given component
creates a new invocation saved .
checks if two elements are the same .
read log next line from the log file
appends this node ' s text content to the given builder .
checks if a response message contains a body .
loads the database from the given input stream .
cast a long value to a string
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
implements inputstream . read ( int ) in terms of inputstream . read ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . inputstream assumes that you implement inputstream . read ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
check if a proxy is enabled .
compile the specified file in the temporary directory .
remove all of the listeners
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
this method builds the core
convert a " . " - based fully qualified class name to a " / " - based resource path .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
adds the specified solution to the population , returning its assigned identifier .
safe access to the digest stored in a hash
creates a disk persistent disk - based new specified project .
performs domain - match as defined by the rfc2109 .
disables an attribute name .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the stack .
generate the multi - part post body providing the parameters and boundary string
look up a key in the given key .
assert that the expected portchangeevents have been recevied , asserting the expected ordering . all events in earlyevents have to appear in actualevents before any event in lateevent appears . events in anytimeevents can appear at any given time . earlyevents , lateevents , and anytimeevents must be mutually exclusive
writes string to output stream .
toggle the node hierarchy for a particular node .
decode a continuous - bit code point .
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse . note : only works of all animations are valueanimators .
starts the ims service
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties . this method can be called before a constrained property will be changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered vetoablechangelisteners .
correctness test for the jelinek - mercer lm model .
called when the source is workflow .
converts the passed user to a dto .
generates the statement to drop a non - embedded index from the database .
obtains the file for future .
note : this method is called only when releasing the point .
collect all files in the given input files and parent directories
updates a particle position
updates the length of tick labels .
checks if the given visualitem is within the bounds within the target range .
run the keys and values against the index .
show an item with a certain id
put an option boolean value .
determines the target page of the page based on the target page
useful for testing purposes
clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values .
disables bluetooth and checks to make sure that bluetooth was turned on and that the correct actions were broadcast .
returns a string representation of the given separator .
force the no value .
splits a string if it does not already start with resolved .
split live ranges on entry and exit to infrequent regions .
test split and join of properties ( using semicolon ) .
deletes the object at the destination array offset
creates a new dictionary table object .
check if the tab is associated with an activity that hasn ' t been destroyed . this catches situations where a documentactivity is no longer listed in android ' s recents list , but is not dead yet .
create a new http stream wrapper .
handles the file handle .
description of the method
construct the initial partial hull .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
prints a string representation of the specified int to the target .
creates the average in a given node .
returns true if the passed uris represents a requested uri .
sends a reply to an incoming stream .
creates a new animation with a specified rectangle .
navigate to the given path and opens the tree
add a messages to the list of messages .
makes a random cache entry .
display the current render surface .
constructs a list of window of size windowsize . note that padding for each window is created as well .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
creates a path using the provided jsonpath structure .
reads frames and optionally groups .
underlying implementation of add ( array , index , element ) methods . the last parameter is the class , which may not equal element . getclass for primitives .
doubles the double value .
converts the matrix in csv format .
constructs a new binaryfile with the specified file as the input . the default byte - order is lsb first . reads start at the first byte of the file .
create an object output stream for this file .
get the set of keys for resident entries .
calculate matrix for fit_center
adds the certificate to the certificate .
adds the policy listener .
verify the result code that waits for the passed in session id .
returns a new scripting engine for the scripting language identified by the file name extension .
finds the raw module for a raw raw raw module .
extracts the type of a given method from the given list of type arguments
obtains a local date in japanese calendar system .
recovers ( private ) instead of a key - value entry from the keystore .
creates a new urlclasspath for the specified class loader .
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
initializes the factory with a single listener .
concatenates an int array .
change camera position vertically ( up or down )
decodes base64 data into octects
shuts down the executor service provided by the given implementation .
resets the builder to its initial , empty state .
deflate current sam line by replacing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
splits a list of integers into a scalar list .
send an error log message
add an addresslistener . addresslisteners are notified when the user selects a new address and when a throttle is acquired for that address
cleans a directory without deleting it
gets minimum metadata entries .
creates a new instance of the specified field value .
receive notification of character data inside an element .
compute the standard deviation of kernel density for the given instance
initializes the openmap properties from the default storage
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right ( adds one to their indices ) .
creates a new instance of this class .
check if the current element matches the given pattern .
returns the string value of the default value .
compares to last tuple indexed value
render the track and car
converts a time string into a java . sql . time
called internally to fill the given menu . if a sub menu is seen , it will call this recursively .
compute the cross - track distance .
choose an alias to authenticate the client side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
pdf of the distribution
order line - charge . - updates priceactual from charge - sets pricelimit , pricelist to zero calls tax
match an array of characters representing the processing .
brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc
flushes the committed replication group without replication .
discards any active baggage currently in this thread
converts a tree to a target expression .
write packet validation to buffer .
register the given file extensions .
parse integer from a string .
returns requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the data in the input stream . this method is used primarily at the client side . the schema of the xml document is defined in ws - trust .
request to have the resources created for the sesame container .
filter the items based on the data collection , returning the collection of expanded nodes
utility method for formatting using the d conversion character .
draw a host line across the ordered list
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
adds a symbol to this symbol .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
returns the number of commands currently in the receiver .
returns true if the two points are the intersection of bounds .
decode a base64 string into a long value .
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column
sum the score of the authority , and returns the sum of all completed successfully .
ends all job on a java . awt . graphics
find the cmd status from a file system .
add a string to the end of the buffer .
creates a new model object .
unwraps user data to the application buffer .
5 . [ specified ] a flag indicating whether this attribute was actually specified in the start - tag of its element , or was defaulted from the dtd .
if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
stores password by supplied password .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
delete a child node .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
float value of a small positive bigdecimal
awaits for shutdown and returns successfully sent in a buffer .
refresh all methods that are contained in the class .
parses the current fragment text and returns a list of fragments fragments .
execute the task if the operation has failed .
show the html to the html and shows the popup .
change the state of the document from a document via the document .
removes an edge from the graph . this will remove an edge from the list of edges added by this edge .
press a key press .
returns true if at least one of the variables given as argument is a descendant of this node , and false otherwise
writes a given number of bytes to a file .
generate the load resources for packages based on the current locale .
check whether or not the specified object is a generated proxy class .
first , un - rotate image and crop rectangles ( make image rectangle axis - aligned ) . second , calculate deltas between those rectangles sides . third , depending on delta ( its sign ) put them or zero inside an array . fourth , using matrix , rotate
tests fix for bug # 27412 - cached sql with preparedstatement .
checks repeated int field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
bring the given annotation to the intersection . that annotation will be drawn behind all other annotations as well as recieve events last .
adds a frame to the animation .
print the code point details as a string .
remove the upload file
start ssl shutdown process .
extracts a bitmap from bitmap width and height .
write the candidate info to the given file .
converts events to an array .
decodes the encoded der encoding from its asn . 1 der encoding .
process an attribute string of type t_prefixlist into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved to urls .
returns a deep copy of this estimator .
dump a long value into a stringbuilder .
type an alphabetic latin character
test for equality , coping with nulls .
returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
skips all elements of a particular notification within this container .
writes the data object at the given object .
write a byte buffer to buffer .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
is queue is empty
create a wallet item .
draws the bottom edge of the border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted edge
emits an add method to add to a list . if the list is null , it is created .
parses a public key from a byte [ ]
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
returns the next recurrence of this rule .
adds the given variable to the queue .
creates a simple url from simple url .
read the contents of a file in / proc / [ pid ] / [ filename ] .
calculates the animation duration given the | initialvelocity | and a desired | displacement | .
shows user home points .
normalizes the norm of the vector
determines the height of this view
arranges the components of the specified container according to this layout .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
inserts a byte array
compute the mean of all elements in the array .
creates a sprite on the map .
close the current output stream .
creates a sync object representing the server response .
returns true if two possibly - null objects are equal .
initialize your own server cache .
close inputstream without a exception
test increase and completed a random context .
replaces all occurrences of old_str in str with new_str
action to be performed
canonicalizes a list of declarations of type arguments into a list of lists of which the return type are the same .
open the activity for another intent .
wait for the current thread to wait for all partitions to be sent .
adds the specified object at the end of this vector .
calculate matrix for fit_center
checks for slice system .
constructs an external problem process .
splits file name into individual path
parse a comment to a atom atom atom .
returns true if at least 1 member of taxonlist is assigned to the taxa taxa .
draws the text of a label
indicates whether this client has any members .
performs the ordering as performed by actions .
removes all running tasks in the current thread .
adds the field to the table .
returns the minimum dimensions for this layout given the components in the specified target container .
check if a resource change to a resource change
creates a telurl based on given uri string . the ' + ' should not be included in the phonenumber string argument . if scheme is not present , it will be added .
creates a new svm model .
restarts off the engine .
creates a new instance of the dialog .
obtains the string representation of this object .
pdf of gpd distribution
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
generate the format associated to the codec name
receive notification of an xml comment anywhere in the document . this callback will be used for comments inside or outside the document element , including comments in the external dtd subset ( if read ) .
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function . < p > this is a terminal operation .
find the exclusive read in the file .
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
report an exception from the stack trace into a string .
splits a name into a variable by name if possible .
start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket , keepalive .
create management bean for jspace container .
update the table according to the model ' s table .
stops the video adapter .
removes the specified listener from this dispatcher .
processes keys from the specified properties file .
adds a table to the map of lock tables .
utility to grab a random element from an array of strings .
adds the mapping from another map to the existing set of values .
join the given thread to the given timeout .
defines a copy of a field , separated by its state and scanning if the context is already present .
gets connection from a pool .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
this is an implementation of the bsf apply ( ) method . it exectutes the funcbody text in an " anonymous " method call with arguments .
returns the set of keys of this map .
write a list of strings to the provided output stream .
this method consumes the received region maps , but seeks to the cluster defined in the map
calculates the number of 32 - bit functions .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends the given string as a hex string to the end of the string buffer .
print all the bootstrap tables in the hashtable .
convert an enumeration of an option to an enumeration .
add the specified int token
filters a list of large declarations according to the query .
adds tags for a clear platform .
compares two strings lexicographically .
helper method to load the application data
build a random left - regular bipartite graph .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
configures a httpurlconnection request .
convert string to title
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
helper function to perform any process . this file is processed , so some further process .
each instance stores and replicator in the properties directory .
converts the given double to a localized string version .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return list of longs as a primitive array .
updates the enabled state of the builder .
tests that cache would keep values if underlying store fails .
formats a list of strings into a list of strings .
removes a previously added listener .
checks if is properly ordered .
cumsum , opcode : ucumk + , dense input .
given a source directory and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found in the given source directory . module names that didn ' t contain wildcards are left alone ( it ' s not
method generated by intellij idea gui designer > > > important ! ! < < < do not edit this method or call it in your code !
report all errors in a safe state .
provided arguments not multiple arguments in the provided argument .
getissuernames ( ) method testing . tests if the method return null in the case of not specified issuers , if the returned collection corresponds to the specified issuers .
below method will be used to start the scan log file
creates a new data source .
convert degrees to radians , with error of less than 0 . 5 ulp
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . if addheaderview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
initializes and parses the field names for each field , separated by its name .
returns the value of the label
creates an item label generator using a specified number formatters .
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
write the given bytes to the encoder / decoder .
connect to the server .
synchronizes a batch of instances .
set the parameters used for the pixel values .
configures cookie with web client
create and return the error file
return suite running in triples mode against a temporary journal .
load the element from the specified object
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
starts a resource , if necessary , and starts it
propertychangelistener for a specific property changes .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
assert that two objects are equal to this object .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return flags as a string , separated by " " .
format the sql statement .
indent text by two spaces . after calling indent ( ) , two spaces will be inserted at the beginning of each line of text . indent ( ) may be called multiple times to produce deeper indents .
add a child view to appear at the end of the list .
compile a list of projects .
prints a contact with a specific title and a contacts .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
returns the state of the promise
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
create the snapshot object .
saves persistent properties to a file .
returns count of items in the list
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
constructs a uri from the template , substituting in the provided arguments . < p > arguments whose corresponding identifiers are not present in the template will be ignored .
disposes the native memory associated with the given native graphics config info pointer on the single queue flushing thread .
handle japanese encoding - by toshimm .
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message only .
render the normals into a texture .
find all resources by type
calculates the sum of all y - values
release a previously - decrement event .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
returns an array of slot objects
finds the tcpconnection given the threadid
estimate parameters from minimum and maximum observed .
reads a repository metadata from repository .
checks whether a primitive can be serialized .
appends a line to the buffer .
applies a regex to the text of a textview turning the matches into links . if links are found then urlspans are applied to the link text match areas , and the movement method for the text is changed to linkmovementmethod .
post the foreign key column .
tell if the table contains the given node .
persist temporal text in a temporary file .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
write an already writte value to the stream
load a unit from the unit .
performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker . called only from worker threads . unless completedabruptly is set , assumes that workercount has already been adjusted to account for exit . this method removes thread from worker set , and possibly terminates the pool or replaces the worker if
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream . use this method when applying multiple filters in succession to the same output stream .
frees the object and remove the given object .
returns true if the binding maps contains binding .
create a new internal instance .
checks if index is not of the directory .
notification for changed policy type changed .
select the animations and show it .
creates a tagging decorator for the given output stream .
builds the list of messages from the builder and returns them .
stores given short value . alignment aware .
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given byte range .
generates a simple push processor .
apply zero or blank , left or right padding .
put an object into the trie for lookup .
makes the object immutable
find the library name in the native library .
removes the given component listener .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the text is empty .
compares the raw message and returns the decrypted data .
determines if the given term is a plain term
sends given response to the socket .
decode the url safe base string
causes the current thread to block until signalshutdown is called . this is used by workerthreads which are not actively polling the shutdown field .
adds the given connection to this list .
returns the distance from the point to the given point
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
convert string to int .
adds an item to the adapter using the specified chain .
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down , updates of the gui have to be done in the gui thread !
starts a connection to the server .
returns all objects previously saved .
creates a new dialogue importer attached to the dialogue system .
generates unique id for requestfuture .
alive an alarm in the event manager .
add a column name to this projection .
perform an asynchronous min operation
changes to the state .
read permission and get output
converts gmonthday object representation to string
add a new rule to the model list .
generate an beta distributed random number with the generators parameters .
swap the values in the list at the given positions
builds a list of volumes that can be used in reverse time .
allows this autocloseable to be used within the closure , ensuring that it is closed once the closure has been executed and before this method returns .
check if the given string matches the pattern
adds a server connection to the load queue .
add a leaf node to the tree
localized a long - representation of a component sequence ( no leading and trailing whitespace )
set the ' content - length ' request header to the given value
draw into the provided canvas . assumes that the canvas has been rotated accordingly and the size has been set . the effect will be drawn the full width of x = 0 to x = width , beginning from y = 0 and extending to some factor < 1
modify lun , export / unexport / expand , etc
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
indicates whether or not the other object is to convert to the other object .
sets all google google points to google google ' s proper sequence .
adds a tuple without firing a notification .
adds a new transformer to the list of potential completed
return a list of element objects corresponding to the path of class
emits a put method to put a value into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
compares the none hash code to another object .
provides the right name of the node for display .
parse a list of json text into a single string .
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
replaces within the builder using a builder .
recursively adds a permission to a directory .
running process accepting connections .
learn a device using the given characteristics .
returns true if the given type signature is valid , false if it is not .
mod when a negative number is zero
returns whether the group has been selected .
throws an argument of arguments in the list .
randomizes the values that are ordered by their weights weights .
saves the pixels from the buffer on the sd card .
checks whether the method file exists .
remove a class from the list of src classes .
updates the values range .
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
appends the provided byte array to the buffer .
checks if there is enough space on sdcard
method to handle cancel button
applies a given attribute to this string .
create a string representation of the old value .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
generates a string representation of this object .
generates a dictionary based on the length and return the newly id .
record the current state of the module
writes an array of bytes to the output stream .
construct a new instance .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
returns whether the file is a valid zip file .
performs maintenance on this pool , evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if either it has exceeded the keep alive limit or the idle connections limit . < p > returns the duration in nanos to sleep until the next scheduled call to this method . returns
state is no longer necessary
compares two elements in the same order .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
return whether we need to check namespace prefixes against and exclude result prefixes list .
decodes an array of bytes into a hexadecimal string .
creates a list of user object .
read a header from the stream .
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
this method returns a specification for the supplied key . the specification will be returned in the form of an object of the type specified by keyspec .
draws the text on a given circle with the canvas .
compares two percent objects .
get a cloned prdicatednodetest .
calculates whether the point is outside of a row of a table .
adds a source folder to the list of paths .
return a workflow . method for rollbackcreatevolumes
calculates the point ' s state .
unzips all bytes in the given byte array to the expected size .
calculates kernel value of vectors x .
connect to the server socket .
print bytes to the output stream .
delete the dted object from an existing consistency group or vv set
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
finds the index of a key in the set .
returns true if this cookie has expired according to the time passed in .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
utility method to check if a shortcut can be added to the homescreen .
compute the rounded icon of the label
initializes the memory in memory map
persist a connection to the database
add the url properties to the specified class location .
returns the next pseudorandom , uniformly distributed int value from this random number .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
put an input stream to the specified url , returning the connection if necessary .
parses titles if they are in a title , or the title is a convenience function .
returns the hashcode for this estimator
calculates the value of a synapse variable based on the parameters .
a repository root has been removed . notify any listeners .
inserts a priority queue into the priority queue .
instantiates empty message for deserialization purpose .
appends names of the mqtt - parameters for a given package
parse the prepared query and add them to the query .
returns the index within the given element .
returns the number of elements in this term .
consume an tag name off the queue ( word or : , _ , - )
recursively creates a sort object which sorts given feature sequence
remove all listeners from this dispatcher .
decrypts a hexbin string ( handling is case sensitive )
the number of positions used by the penn
recursively draws a list of dimensions and adds them to the grid dimensions .
description of the method
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
evicts the idle if there is no idle state .
generates a random generation of the given population .
creates a streaming session that can be customized by adding tracks .
consultar todos setores cadastrados na base de dados
asserts that the expected values can be selected from the test table .
append a single character to this writer .
inserts a bulk before the instruction .
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
counts the number of values recorded by the given array .
for keyboard mode , returns true , false otherwise
generates a two - dimensional float representation of x triangle .
description of the method
pops a type from the output frame stack .
delete the attribute value .
push an executing attribute set , so we can check for recursive attribute definitions .
animate to the final position of the stack . unfortunately , both touch - up and fling can be called and this depends on fling always being called last . if fling is called first , onuporcancel can override the fling position with the opposite . for example , if
add a new range with no lower bound .
send a soap message to the specified stream
replaces all occurrences of a characters in a string with another character .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
returns the path will relative path segments like " . . " and " . " resolved . the returned path will not necessarily start with a " / " character . this handles " . . " and " . " segments at both the beginning and end of
creates a new memory instance .
reads the next timer .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
draws the bitmap background with a canvas .
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
returns the count of the given device
start collecting profiling data .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
method to be overridden by subclasses to read the next object from the source stream .
convert a double to radians .
removes the results of a search from the specified category
adds the given character to the entity builder .
computes the length of the vector .
serializes the given json object to the given json object .
create the cache to be used by this migration server
create a new attribute selection attribute selection
displays the contents of a row into a int [ ] .
creates a new instance of this class .
removes a photo from this user
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array .
compute the minimum score for a read block matches the current score
convert an array to an array of strings .
initiates a failure with the failure thread .
dump the parse stack for debugging purposes .
creates a categories from the set of strings .
load a jms message listener .
this method uploads a listener .
create a secure client socket that is connected to the given address and port .
format the node , recursively .
server helper method to register a jmx mbean . mbeans are registered by a combination of their mbean interface and the custom mbeanname argument . the mbeanname permits multiple mbeans to be registered under the same name .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
returns true if this accessor has occurred , false otherwise .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
creates a simple model using the information passed from the current resolution .
set ups the parameters for video capture .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
method that converts a date to a string
create dom from specified input stream .
obtains the string representation of this object .
resets the message to initial state .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue .
copy file in assets into destination file
check if two objects are equal
replacement for the math . nextup ( . . . ) method that is only available in honeycomb and higher . dat ' s some seeeeek sheeet .
calculate the distance between two keys .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
creates a new instance of the currently selected runnable .
remove a child at the given index from this list .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
paint the provided painter using the provided transform at the specified position and size . handles if g is a non 2d graphics by painting via a bufferedimage .
load the given directories from the given directory .
checks if throwable throwable has been processed .
write a variable size long .
updates the data to be signed or verified , using the specified array of bytes , starting at the specified offset .
save the state of this deque to a stream ( that is , serialize it ) .
checks for the initiators passed on the initiator service .
initializes the collection of messages with the given message .
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
read configurations configuration file .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
combines the results of the content into the specified string .
whether the device has been resized .
scan a list of gstool .
indents out ; writes object ; ends current line .
draw a circle circle .
creates an activity object .
operation : [ < rn > ] , + / - < rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > address = rn case shift of 0b00 / lsl / index = rm logical_shift_left shift_imm if conditionpassed ( cond ) then if u = = 1 then rn = rn
ends the formal type parameters section of the signature .
tells if there is a digit or a letter character ahead .
gets project name from uri .
adds a reference to the list of references .
reset the second line of notes area
add an empty property .
determines whether the point x , y will add a new point to the current pattern ( in addition to finding the cell , also makes heuristic choices such as filling in gaps based on current pattern ) .
returns the head rule tag from which exactly one of the entries
or for a negative and a positive number ; the first is shorter
submit a task to the executor core .
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive
create a new indicator object .
writes a vector of part of a vector into the cipher vector .
returns true if the string is empty , or false if not empty .
add listener for scrollview .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
begin the memory in memory .
translates a java2d point on the chart to a screen location .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads a widget from the properties .
update the traffic contained in the traffic
log a stack trace to the log level .
code taken from com . android . systemui . recents . misc . utilities
reads a single byte from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated output stream .
add an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to this .
decodes a short string into its trimmed representation .
assume that the graphics has been set with the paint / color needed , just render the shape of the background .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
adds the panel that determines the layout editor .
trigger one or more complex files for a set of wildcards .
create a host ip interface .
adds the edit edit proposals in the edit logix list .
create a new instance .
ensures that the namespace exists
returns map containing the given entries .
test whether the data can do this classifier .
changes the first letter of the passed string to upper case .
computes a random variable length between the two provided vectors .
checks whether the given rectangle is compatible with the given rectangle ( not in the right page )
to get all the child components of this interface
count the number of non - char tokens in a string .
spanning is specified in the uncompressed grid number . they can for instance be more than 60000 for the outer edge dock grid cells . when the grid is compressed and indexed after only the cells that area occupied the span is erratic . this method use the row /
checks if this set of rules equals another . < p > two rule sets are equal if they will always result in the same output for any given input instant or local date - time . rules from two different groups may return false even if they are in
description of the method
add the given role to the list of roles .
writes vector of map to current stream .
sleep for the specified number of milliseconds .
restores previous system . out and system . err to system . err
translates the given biginteger into an integer list .
determines the height of this view
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
add a number to zero
wait for the completion of the given task to reach the completion of the given document .
creates a new action object with specified content and line number .
finds north american numbering in the chunks at the given offset , and returns a list of results .
4b basesec | 2b windowid | 3b operatorid | 3b tupleid
calculate the location of the two widgets
moves the current tile position to the next available tile .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
check if a type has an async type of misc equipment
check if an intent is available
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs , int offset , int length , bytebuffer dst ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
sends requests to remote server .
determine if the given certificate is a self - signed certificate .
this method calls proc insertbusdomain and adds a record in the database . it also validates the values passed .
find the nearest neighbours within dependency distance links of the provided start dependencies .
base constructer from a java . util . date object
adds a new value to the series .
this will change the parameter of the parameter
merge ranges with n intervals overlap , in given interval . overlap with the intervals overlap , o . add each interval with the given intervals . for each interval in the intervals .
format the given type string vector .
given a property file , returns null if it can be found .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
pans the axis on the domain axis to display a specified range .
initialize the start view .
creates an icon that sets up the target label .
close the window , if it ' s closed early .
populate host name in response to initialize
create or set the current folder variables .
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore .
creates a new array of candidate initialized with a minimum capacity sufficient .
prints the clusters in the passed cluster state .
adds a feature to the gui attribute of the e00layer object
removes an existing value from the series .
wraps a token stream to the given stream with the given name .
checks , if the an object with shape p_shape and net nos p_net_no_arr and clearance class p_cl_class can be inserted on layer p_layer without clearance violation warning apparently p_net_no_arr is always empty , does not seems correct no ?
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
expands the given array to the size .
post the actual bean ' s properties to the actual bean .
encode an integer value that is not lower case .
skip bytes in the file .
creates the lock file .
handles edit ldap attribute mapping request .
main deletion method . locates node , nulls value , appends a deletion marker , unlinks predecessor , removes associated index nodes , and possibly reduces head index level . index nodes are cleared out simply by calling findpredecessor . which unlinks indexes to deleted nodes found along path to
perform the tasks need for when the swf is unloaded the player
quick a quick reply exception
writes a single long .
used to determine if there are no more details on this config .
make sure that the current root is in the queue .
starts the acceptor , and register the given addresses
allows you to set the authentication state of the download request to a specific state .
creates a service for the specified time zone .
remove the first occurrence of the specified object from the data .
returns a list of matching users in the specified users .
finds the device identifier for the given name
register a listener for an incoming packet type . the type may be abstract . the listeners registered will be fired in the inverse order that they were registered ; last fired first , and the first fired last ( with the default server handler last ) . listeners that
copy bytes from the given state .
notify all tasks that a new task has been queued .
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param .
prompt for confirmation pid
instantiates a new scrape task - to update a single datasource
finds index within the line .
clears the selection of all items from the model .
returns an array allocated in an area of the java heap where it will never be moved . this is used to implement native allocations on the java heap , such as directbytebuffers and bitmaps .
loads a list of file names from the given directory and all its elements .
ensures that the rmi implementation closes the reader .
adds the provided message to the set of messages for this message .
create a hash from a digest
concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array .
road a set of flag .
clears the user account object .
reads a byte array from the input stream .
how big should the nth chunk be ?
returns the tip text for this property
starts a new query not related to a previous class query .
closes the cache and the underlying file .
get list of alert ' s prompt .
clears all data settings
makes a clear edge - used for the graph .
sort the list with distance .
associate the given value with the specified key .
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory which match filekinds into resultlist
create the button interior shape
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
creates a test cipher object .
creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable
return true if the resource has been marked as a resource bundle .
read the facet node in .
creates a new , empty map with the default initial capacity ( 11 buckets ) and load factor ( 0 . 75 ) .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
creates a new connection factory that is capable to failover to the servers defined in case there is an error .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
constructs a formatted format for the specified command line .
if we ' re running on jdk 1 . 4 or later , initialize the cause for the given throwable .
creates a new message property .
creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
regrettably , serializing a treeset causes it to forget its bounds . this is unlike a serialized treemap which retains its bounds when serialized .
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
restores an extension point .
reads the bytecode of a class .
returns whether the supported host is supported .
creates a new project configuration object .
converts a chart coordinate spaced shape to the same shape in the screen coordinate space
add a window close window
instantiates a new performance logger .
authenticates the url ' s request , if necessary .
create a hash from a hexadecimal representation of the digest note that this is in the reverse byte order of the internal binary representation .
does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring is at least half the length of longtext ?
tests the string of a connection .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
get the uri type for a uri .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
checks whether the given string represents a resource reference identifier .
leave all the files in the tree
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
add a property as boolean .
adds an interface to the list of interfaces implemented by this class .
cuts the string from beginning to the first index of provided substring .
request an http get request from a url
iterator ordering is fifo
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
initialise the current user .
call the object finalize method on the given object
removes the tv show .
checks if the given device is compatible with the given id .
returns an instance of class if given object is null .
adds the specified object into this vector at the specified location . the object is inserted before any element with the same or a higher index increasing their index by 1 . if the location is equal to the size of this vector , the object is added at the
returns the current age of the response , in milliseconds . the calculation is specified by rfc 2616 , 13 . 2 . 3 age calculations .
validates that the plaintext socket should send .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
invalidate the last point where the overlay has been entered .
get the vdc object .
creates an adapter object .
computes the normalized product number based on the normalized instance and normalized normalized instance .
called to finish the browser of the browser when it is complete .
check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology
fire a cluster change event .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
returns the pixel data for the specified argb value packed into an integer for easy storage and conveyance .
check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force a round in the preceding digits .
adds the bottom component to the bottom panel .
deletes all files in a folder .
create directory that is optionally cleaned up after the jvm shuts down through use of a runtime shutdown hook .
emit declaration of decoded member and open first chunk .
read cookie name from a special xml string . < p / > if this cookie has a special characters , the standard signature which is returned as a cookie " , " cookie " value for the cookie " / " . < br / > other implementations are
merge previous raw resource with this method to merge .
this function is used to convert a string to the target file string
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .
returns a position of the current position in the document . if this position is not at its position , the index is added to the end of the buffer . this list of the current position is greater than the search at the current position in the position to
pad a string with the given number of whitespace .
resets the current transform .
add listener to this activity manager .
mute the given username , if there is a mute with the given username . if the database is already present , then this call will be added .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
overridden to ensure that the cursor for this component is appropriate for the orientation .
return whether the selection is empty .
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream .
create a new adapter instance
fill a specified byte array with random bytes
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values .
sometimes we need to know which class is a jdk class . there is no simple way to distinguish a user class and a jdk class , here we use the package prefix as the heuristic .
applies the specified queries to the set of namedobjects .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
create element of indexedendpoint type
add a file to the root directory ( which can be either an external java . security or command )
provide a string representation of this array converter .
test where each operation locks one or more resources . < p > note : this condition provides the basis for deadlocks . in fact , since we have 10 resource locks for each operation and only 100 operations the chances of a deadlock on any given operation are extremely
the spec notes that " the xml - stylesheet processing instruction is allowed only in the prolog of an xml document . " , so , at least for right now , i ' m going to go ahead an throw a transformerexception in order to stop the parse .
returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array . any changes made to the receiver after returning will not be reflected in the byte array returned to the caller .
parse a string value to a calendar
convert bitmap to byte array
saves the template with the provided template as specified in the specified directory .
returns an enumeration describing the available options
adds a new transform to the list of children .
post the process annotations for the annotations
adds a module to the module .
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
scans the position of a character in the given buffer , starting at the given position .
create a new diagnostic factory .
pops nodes of already explored states from the head of the frontier and checks whether there are still some nodes left .
this test doesn ' t pass on ri ; fails for types . date
checks if is enabled .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
compute variance for a variable .
if the user account has requested the connection to this server to account .
sends a location to the server .
serializes an text node .
returns true if the specified color is inside the bounds .
find the cluster schema containing the root of the resourcebundle .
returns true if the world is valid for this world .
clear both rendering and picking queues .
returns the next lexical position in the iteration .
specifies the current row / column ' s grow priority . < p > for a more thorough explanation of what this constraint does see the white paper or cheat sheet at www . migcomponents . com .
flushes the underlying stream .
generates a section for the specified item in the dataset .
remove a graph listener
fade out then stop this audiosource
execute a command in a separate platform using the specified description . execute ( )
increment the numeric badge label . if the current badge label cannot be converted to an integer value , its label will be set to " 0 " .
creates a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied stream .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
split a sentence in sentence .
returns true if the action is failed , false otherwise .
adds a dictionary to the dictionary table
answers a deep copy of the tocopy array .
tests whether one of choice alternatives has the same identifier or not .
wait for messages to be delivered .
constructs a date object from the given time string .
copies all the files in the specified directory to the destination directory .
creates a new map .
reads vector of opaque values
encodes a string into its url safe form using the default string charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
tests comparison of different number of attributes .
increments the list of alive threads
call the arguments from the given method to the dispatch method call to this method .
initializes the sets of the specified values in the input field .
recursively deletes a file that may represent a directory .
prepare a list of keys by ascending the given key .
convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
prints the relative magnitudes of the collected timer data to the standard output stream .
creates optional zookeeper url .
adds the description of the description argument .
reads characters until the end character is encountered , ignoring escape sequences .
this method converts the attribute set into a set of keys .
closes this stream . this implementation closes the source stream and releases the pushback buffer .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
updates the amount of money .
tests the creation of a dataset ( ambiguous attribute names ) .
update the panel settings .
evaluate the avt and return a string .
reads the dex file into a byte array .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent update events through the life of an animation . this method is called on all listeners for every frame of the animation , after the values for the animation have been calculated .
receive notification of channels .
imports a list of subtrees at the given position in the root of the tree .
generates all variables in the query , and append them to the correct order .
compute loggamma distribution for a set of points .
initialize the active directions of the active directions from the active list .
converts events to an action type
hides hidden key to the hidden key .
removes data from the token list , returns the destination
returns true if the specified type is a grammar , false otherwise .
continued fraction expansion # 2 for incomplete beta integral .
returns the current text or cdata as an element . this is case sensitive .
check existence of config section element
simply here to throw an exception if the current configuration is not valid .
determines whether or not this element has a children tree .
draw a shadow for the path .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
returns true if all of the characters in the text are permitted for use in xml documents .
a new method that interrupts the worker thread . call this method to force the request to stop what it ' s doing .
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the south
does an update and return the eventid generated . eventid is caught in the listener and stored in a static variable
load the specified file into a new serialized form .
adds the given marker to the list of trackers
evaluates the cf5 problem .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
check if there exist any parameter with given name
frees a memory size in the window .
returns true if the given identifier is a sql - 99 reserved keyword .
sorts the given list using the given comparator . the algorithm is stable which means equal elements don ' t get reordered .
handles next commit data .
allows subclasses to append ( ) to task name
return a string representation of the object as a byte array .
makes a random cache entry .
returns the maximum value in the specified array .
checks if the specified line is one of the other start .
parses a long from the input stream .
removes the instance at the given position from the set .
extracts the access key from the given uri
do one transaction operation . because it will be called concurrently from multiple client threads , this function must be thread safe . however , avoid synchronized , or the threads will block waiting for each other , and it will be difficult to reach the target throughput . ideally
adds an unnamed value to the formatted output .
copies the data from the source array to the destination .
creates a new site list and registers a given list of urls .
calculates the union if two ip ranges .
gets a vertex by id .
concurrent addition bound to long . max_value . any concurrent write will " happen " before this operation .
start a monitor and end up a string .
returns the norm of the given vector .
compute the maximum y loss
write the entry in the cache
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
reads a string entry in the file .
this method will be used to add multiple drops ( not a ) to a copy . this method will not be removed from the ' .
parses x . 509 response document .
removes the sorted map from a sorted map of message objects .
displays the contents of the index buffer .
compares two parameter types which are compared to another numerical .
generate random number of size n directly into num
escape a string to create a valid json string
writes the complete contents of this byte array output stream to the specified output stream argument .
checks the solution elements .
returns an iterator to navigate the elements of the array . since the array is an ordered list , the iterator navigates the elements in the order they were inserted .
if the event is dragging a rectangle , pick the vertices contained in that rectangle clean up settings from mousepressed
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input
handles the start of an element .
checks if two containers are equivalent .
discretize a matrix in csv format .
loads the workspace screen ids in an ordered list .
render the value to an output stream .
macro : expected : parses s , fmts
checks repeated int field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
multiply the scale by a given scale .
change the state of the function
returns the distance to the given destination point , where the first line is the intersection of the line . if it has already been checked , then the points of the buffer will be returned .
records the end amount of measurement response .
check if the user has failed or not .
clear the table data and clear the list .
returns an index for accessing arrays in this class .
load bundles from file
format the given parameter object into string .
tests fix for bug # 27412 - cached connection with preparedstatement . execute ( ) does not match the connection with the server - off prepared prepared statements .
using the trigonometric unit circle , calculate the positions that the text will need to be drawn at based on the specified circle radius . place the values in the textgridheights and textgridwidths parameters .
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
method called to try to expand shared name area to fit one more potentially shared string . if area is already at its biggest size , will just clear the area ( by setting next - offset to 0 )
add a request property to this request
updates the member with the provided client .
is table client level only
convenience method to decrement this trigger as a runnable .
handles actions from within the property panel .
serialize an object to a byte buffer .
resolves a module name to a java module name .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
receive notification of the beginning of an element .
adds a certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are used to find certificates and crls .
creates a new narclassloader .
returns the basic block indicated by this node .
below method will be used to construct the binding types .
check if the point is empty .
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another filter .
creates an edge with a specified symbol mask .
generates the instruction to push a field on the stack .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
create the extended label object .
pads the string at the left with the specified character until it reaches the desired length . if the string is longer than this length , then it returns the unchanged string .
ask whether we support a given dom feature . in fact , we do not _fully_ support any dom feature - - we ' re a read - only subset - - so arguably we should always return false .
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue . the queue will be empty after this call returns .
reads a quoted descriptor string .
outputs confusion matrix in a query string . cascading style sheets ( css ) can control the table ' s appearance by defining the empty - space , actual - count - header , predicted - class - header , and count - element classes . for example
subtract two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
assigns the values for a given value .
writes a " int " value to an outputstream . the value is converted to the opposed endian system while writing .
checks if this iterator is open .
same as performfind but now returning a list instead of an iterator extra parameters viewindex : startpage of the partial list ( 0 = first page ) viewsize : the length of the page ( number of records ) extra output parameter : listsize : size of the totallist list
returns the soap dom element for this object .
closes this writer . this implementation closes the target writer .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
compares the two objects for equality .
writes a boolean to the stream .
trains a set of strings and copy them to a string
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
constructs a formatted format for the specified command line .
multiply two norm of u .
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
write a varint ; value is treated as an unsigned int .
queue a load of running tasks
is date is available
button - start button
loads the synchronized message for the given id .
remove a change listener .
get dump of the current thread as json .
url decodes the given string
thenacceptboth result completes exceptionally if either source cancelled
convert a string to a model object
test meta data functions that return result sets .
adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
resets the current log file list .
initialize a new composestate .
overridden to create the tool bar .
parses a date value . the formats used for parsing the date value are retrieved from the default http params .
construct a new regular expression filter with the specified flags case sensitivity .
this method is a thin wrapper for the jdbc execute . it is offered in this way to ensure consistency of error logging .
counts the written bytes .
encode the string as an url .
checks the raw tables if it is a valid cached module .
read a value from the string .
parses a string value and returns a float .
create an instance of the specified java content interface .
request user password dialog
force a list of memory usage to be read .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to an existing object .
intersect this clip with another region . as a result , this clip will become the intersecting area of the two regions .
returns whether this node can be used as the value at the specified position .
adds a new waiter to wait queue .
removes all entries from manager .
removes all the spaces at the beginning of the string .
tests if two strings are equal .
tell a warning of an exception , and probably throw an exception .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the full form of the given string .
clears the password expiration warned time .
returns a locale with the most - specific field removed , or null if this locale had an empty language , country and variant .
append a representation of the time zone of ' calendar ' to ' buffer ' .
remove the listeners on the event queue .
return a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with spaces . if str is already longer than totalchars , it is returned unchanged .
show tree view for this boolean
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
this function uses the kernel function for the kernel network among pruning . see description for details .
gets connection from a pool .
emits a method to clear a list or map . clearing the collections ensures that the collection is created .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
start the task to be notified when profile is requested .
adds the specified listener to the input
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
load a user to the url .
add a document to the lucene search index .
add commands from the specified hash map .
prints that the column is an auto increment column .
saves the shared data to the file .
main worker run loop . repeatedly gets tasks from queue and executes them , while coping with a number of issues : 1 . we may start out with an initial task , in which case we don ' t need to get the first one . otherwise , as
write the block light to a buffer
cas waitstatus field of a node .
execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters
returns the next token if it matches the specified pattern . the token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that is currently being used ( or a string that matches the delimiter pattern ) . this method will block if input is being read .
add a new operation duration to this class . total is updated and calls is incremented
paint the background of an editable control .
adds defaults values to the service .
return canonical form . pmusgrave - put a space between products ( preserves format of header )
returns true if the metadata has been modified .
normalize a list of file names .
helper method used to decode short unicode string , length for which actual length ( in bytes ) is known
make a new type class for use in a class file .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
converts the desired message into a string .
sort the given tree with comparable sorting .
expand the array passed in by the single element to add .
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
replaces a with b in c .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
enables or disables the right button , so that it matches the current member variables .
wsptypedecoder test , decode string appid test
removes all children actions ( separators as well ) from the group .
check is a file is writable . detects write issues on external sd card .
starts the session , if it ' s not already running .
validate datastore definition according to the requirements .
rotate transformation about the x axis
start a factory service for the given instance service class .
notify the reader of available data in the pipe . if the writer is asleep , wake it .
a helper method to create a assignment to a type constraint .
columns the two numbers
constructs an instance with the value present .
construct a new message listener .
this is not quite complete - we should follow up on the chain , a bit tricky if a certificate appears in more than one chain . . .
convert a group to a string
translates the line perpendicular by an array into this vector
reject the runnable in the commands .
this method calculates the smallest menu size .
adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase .
turn an array of resource - colors ( contains resource - id integers ) into an array list of actual color integers
test file copy with overwrite and replacement tokens .
generate the salt for the given byte array .
adds a listener to the end of the list .
evaluates the next expression to the variables which store the variables result in the expression
writes a string to the output stream .
add a message to the end of the list
guess container - stop the container .
converts a string to a date object
accept and process a " stop entry " .
loads the latest version of available information
start processing given node
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
compare to a number of an greater scale
reads int value from the stream
method to cancel caret times , if there is no selection in the text area .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
sets the proxy server name .
verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention .
extracts element at current take position , advances , and signals . call only when holding lock .
get a random , positive whole number
attempts to prepare a for a given variable .
resets the text used to control the symbol box
learn a device using the given characteristics .
returns a zero mean of the zero data .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
get switch version message .
count how many times the string to indicate a match character in string
adds the icon of the icon to the image
read stream fully , returning contents in a byte array .
searches for a given target string .
checks correctness of the cache .
execute the loop thread .
remove the env var variable .
calculate the mininal number of instances required to achieve a score as high as the given scorethreshold for the given lambda
returns the value on the top of the stack .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests on non numeric fields fail , feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive result
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine
utility method to determine whether the given point , in local coordinates , is inside the view , where the area of the view is expanded by the slop factor . this method is called while processing touch - move events to determine if the event is still within the
test the ability to run a partition region .
a static helper function to generate the bounds of the type values .
deletes a subfield id from the repository .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
create authentication headers from a basic authentication header .
add a new region to the list of granted entries .
checks if the cached response is cached .
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
read the xml file .
check whether all required attributes have been granted .
runs the specified runnable in the thread .
send next message to the process over the raw array .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
appends an attribute to the field set .
returns whether the session is a session token or not .
returns the root mean squared error .
write data to buffer .
takes amount of amount and builds a hashmap for the amount that can be assigned to the amount of amount .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s left child is the new root .
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
updates the enabled state of the step .
adds a recorded value .
the graphical representation of a series .
checks a class signature .
selects an application id
reads the contents of the properties file in as a properties files < p / > any url that cannot be read in as a properties file will cause an exception to be thrown . < p / > example classpath : < p / > meta - inf /
adds a new external project entry to the project pool .
construct a url from a given uri .
adds a new zoom listener .
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another servlet .
extract the regular expression from the regular expression
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
adds an identity result mapping .
registers a batch insertion for the annotation which is only available on a particular range of text within the annotation .
creates a new zip entry with the specified name , iff they are created .
runs the test case .
the start of the document .
convenience method to dump a profile string .
registers a rule observer to this monitor .
sends the heartbeat to the server .
writes message to to the output stream .
initializes the ssl trust manager factory for ssl trust manager .
creates a new random source with the specified source .
creates a new parser dialog .
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
this method will convert string to boolean array
draws an axis line at the current cursor position and edge .
save a model in koml deep object serialized xml form .
sorts the range on top and most recent most recent span .
split the data set by distances .
drops a prefix from a path if it exists or returns original path if prefix does not match .
publish / send a sample to an mqtt server
remove the given adaptable object from this array .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
compares the values of actual and expected .
force an authentication failure .
fetch the user details for the user credentials . a token or password is required to validate the user .
stop a method from client
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
the implementation for pushmessageasync ( ) function .
write data to characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
returns the element corresponding to the given name .
read a stream into a list of strings .
removes the first element from this array .
send a stream ' s byte array to the given stream .
sorts items with selected items .
match to the host
add a path for testing .
test with a journal on which a single index has been registered with random data on the index .
return true if the window class loader can be changed .
removes the given substring from the previous token and returns it .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
returns the next input stream from the source .
convert bitmap to byte array .
returns an inflated name with the given prefix .
add a warning event handler . high priority handlers only get high priority warnings , and they are notified first . other handlers gets all warnings after high priority handlers are notified .
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
writes an attribute value .
generates a string description of the attribute transformer .
write buffer to buffer .
skips the annotation member value at the current position in the specified tag . the cursor of the annotation must point to an " annotation structure " , or " annotation " .
recursively disconnects the current row and go to an insert result .
generates code for the view in the bayesian network config
awaits the next http request , removes it , and returns it . callers should use this to verify the request sent was as intended .
converts a location on the left side to the column separator .
finds files within a directory matching a given directory .
generate a sql for dropping table .
register a change listener .
returns whether the specified scroll is out of bounds
refresh lucene indexes for the lucene indexes .
remove all the instructions from the given list of instructions
return true if the node was acquired .
if deltay > 0 , trytomove the content down
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two negative numbers . the first is greater in absolute value .
called to delete the record points and boundary position . if the position is part of the record , its position , and the point in the map . if the position is greater than the list of current points , the point will be added to the end of
removes the left - based input text at the specified position .
cumulative density , static version
read in discrete dataset .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + port + wwn for storgeport objects
returns true if the paths can be removed without breaking the continuity of the model . this is rather expensive .
creates a new string reader .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
update the synth style if a component is created .
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the children .
causes current thread to wait until the object is ready .
adds a field to run the query against a specific boost .
return a string formatted as format
initialize the stream buffer size
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors , not 1 to maxsensors .
return the passed in value as a string .
return the probe ' s next sample .
applies replacement string to the given json object .
creates an instance of the key .
adds a " annotation " annotation to the method .
gets a text descrption of the result producer .
this function scans the preferred list of packages .
checks if parent directory is active .
parses the path into the specified string .
makes the given variable name available .
verifies the submission and verifies the file size is less than the given apk .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
checks if is media .
exports dependency graph based on dependency ' s dependencies
todo this is a temporary workaround for https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 83600 and https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 85293
returns network availability status .
generate a random string
creates a list of expected partition value for an existing partition key group .
returns the string representation of this text .
register a new memory that is running a memory allocated object .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given
formats a long value . for example : input = 1234567 / output = 1 , 234 , 567 .
removes the contribution of the given addon
copies the direct page to the given output stream .
write part of an array of bytes .
assert that given backup has started id for a backup node .
handle request sent with a wrong binding
checks that the machine is in the given state . throws if it isn ' t .
sort movies in movie set .
parses a key - value pair with the given alias
poll the statistics for statistics
constructs a new file that will match against all projects files .
calculates icon that is closest to the vertical axis in reference to the current icon . example of the check order for keycode_dpad_down : [ ] [ ] [ ] [ x ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ 5 ] [ 1 ] [
returns true if the edge and the cell ( including boundary ) intersect .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
displays navigator state information in the status overlay views .
getfield - return type name from the scope stack .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
create a machine states which are dependant on a machine of states which are eligible states ( whose all dependencies are met ) .
creates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
removes all listeners from the group .
reads the default serializable field value for this instance , followed by the registrar ' s service id encoded as specified by the serviceid . writebytes method . verifies that the deserialized field values are non - null .
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
lookup a terminal by name string
create a new block cipher with the specified name .
modifies the resource values associated with the current key , and makes it
escape constant fields in regular expressions .
constructs a char buffer with the given initial string
updates the ui state for opt out promo .
creates a geometry object representing the given geometry .
remember to clean the is_new flag
tell whether the so is extracted .
finish the common query .
display the gui of the dialog .
instantiates a new instance of this class .
calls the list of arguments .
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline . all others are centered .
reads the int value from the json array for specified index
add a property change listener
removes a dependent preference on this preference .
validates the storage policy data key .
returns a string representation of the tree
creates an array containing all of the elements in the specified collection .
creates a formatted optionally for the formatter .
computes the distances of all the node under a given node .
creates a string representation of the float argument . all characters mentioned below are ascii characters . if the argument is nan , the result is the string " nan " . otherwise , the result is a string that represents the sign and magnitude ( absolute value ) of
returns the position of the current line .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
adds a new frequency
parses an element with the given parser .
adds a list of interval , and computes the intervals of each interval in the given interval .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
runs the test case .
determine if the expression consists of verbs .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
creates a request for the given headers .
runs the test case .
download the files of the files written for number of files .
reads all the attributes from the file .
add all equations in the given collection of successor .
create a panel containing a radiobox .
copies the content of this cache to the parent fields .
reassign objects , but only if their bounds indicate it is necessary to do so .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
get the absolute value as a string .
creates a new kernel based on the given values .
initialize the work list .
invoke the given model after a field is created .
adds a file to the classpath .
called when tree changes .
converts the returns object to a form
indicates whether this item has the specified object .
checks whether this version matches any of the version number .
run the specified url in a jdbc connection .
processes the schema schema & lt ; element & gt ; tag
push a latitude reference to the current reference location .
returns the version used to generate the directory server .
sequences the given query .
expunge stale entries from the table .
convenience function . operates on a list and returns a list containing all elements but the first .
create a list of integers consisting of the ranges defined by the provided argument e . g . . createranges ( 1 , 4 , 10 , 12 ) means create ranges 1 through 4 and 10 through 12 and should yield the list : 1 , 2 , 3
tear down after testing .
called when an undo , it is added to the beancontext .
recalculates all tasks that the given criteria has been completed
adds a new ( empty document )
checks database metadata to see if a table exists . try upper , lower , and mixedcase , to see if the table is there .
runs the test case .
returns the next token in the comments .
update gl state & limit
computes the interval that a reference within the interval [ min , max ] .
checks if the given directory exists .
reads the bytecode of a class .
adds already - allocated binding to already - allocated port
the graphical representation of a series .
converts internal representation into an actual string .
write a set of long objects to the stream .
determines whether the passed in is defined .
shows the chart viewer to the stage of this entity .
removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
test copy of an stream containing exactly one byte less than a full block of data .
runs the test case .
convert a byte array to an ip address .
evaluates the cf2 problem .
sends a " reply " line for an incoming request .
adds http request to the tenant .
add a selection listener .
output a blank line
returns a string representation of this object .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
creates a new client debug client .
the first character of the lower case .
is this revision required ?
returns the string representation of this vector .
add the committed text to the priority queue .
draws the selection rectangle .
determines the height of this view
construct a new exception with the specified root cause .
determine if there are any of the passed in initiator to export group in export mask
handles thumb selection and movement . notifies listener callback on certain events .
creates a new incomplete score .
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
test negative number of radix 2
converts an antrl and ast into a filter and ast .
displays a dialog in a pop - up window .
construct a jsontokener from a reader .
reads a sequence of 8 - bit bytes from standard input ; compresses them using ttt codes with an 8 - bit alphabet ; and writes the results to standard output .
uses the given tokenizer .
computes the azimuth offset for the circle radius .
adds the all keys / values from the given named resource bundle to the defaults
method to handle 12 - hour display of the window .
formats the value as a human - readable string .
extract the methods from the http headers .
update the server address
remove item from the list
choose an array of strings containing random elements of the given string .
return true if the destination is valid .
sort storage pools based on list of storage ports .
adds a waiting to the select list .
return a resource path for a given resource path .
see if the version is minor .
lists the command - line options for this classifier .
we escape some characters in s to be able to escape xml entities .
the step evaluates builds where the input predicate is the sum of the matrix .
finds the file or directory if it exists and is not found
compares the results of the control and cloud clients .
get the element ' s text value
creates a context from the current context .
collapse a new row
queue a replacement name for the connector .
remove vetoable change listener for row changes
send message to the status stream .
iterates the list of arguments in search of the target server launcher command .
edit a bookmark and id .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
converts the characters in a string to html .
create a new widget
records the size of successive runs of white and black pixels in a row , starting at a given point . the values are recorded in the given array , and the number of runs recorded is equal to the size of the array . if the row starts on
finds a method with the given name and arguments .
return the first character of a character in a string .
decode the contents of the char buffer into a charbuffer .
loops for the time signal processes active .
adds a point to the end of the list .
load org access execute list
test similar to above , but instead reads a sequence of values
generates a certificate object and initializes it with the data read from the input stream instream .
converts the given object to a string .
generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month which the given date is inside .
finds the counter that is not found in the counter .
add an sms to the given uri .
runs the test case .
should never be called .
compute a new sound file .
expunge stale entries from the table .
runs the resource on disk .
report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners . if anyone vetos the change , then fire a new event reverting everyone to the old value and then rethrow the propertyvetoexception . < p > no event is fired if old and new are equal and non - null
called after the data has been written to the output directory .
removes the given tab from the list of listeners .
paints a range origin between two points
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
this method is called when a finish operation is complete .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
attempts to install requests after the server handler .
shuts down the web server .
creates a new storage entity from the current storage .
displays the information line label .
writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments .
tear down after testing .
verify signer ( string ) creates instance
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
send a stream ' s byte array to the given stream .
invokes the correct behavior of an object .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
new instance , based on the supplied pattern . uses the whole matched regex as the entity text .
remove the loop graph loop graph
bind a data value to a given position .
add two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
adds new values to the series
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by the input date
how much available space in the buffer to 0 , 255 the remaining capacity .
decodes base64 data into octects
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
add an object data to the bytebuffer .
paint the focus rectangle .
add a label to this field .
called when a point is on the map .
combines the elements of this byte array into a new byte array .
puts the given resources into the associated providers . this schedules the resources for addition ; they still need to be committed .
check if device can run this thread .
compares two object with the given id .
returns true if all players are done .
add a field with the specified value without any validation . only appropriate for headers from the remote peer or cache .
returns without the classifier reloaded .
this can be overridden by sublasses to mark a certain value as constantly non - null .
returns a list of the adapter
creates a new primary entity .
this is used to acquire the password .
fills and returns an arraylist with neurons governed by the specified node type .
compute the angle between two vertices .
fire this neuron to all listeners .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
create an x509certificate object from a byte array .
handles a change in the current selection .
parse the terms input
formats the given value using the given parameters .
sets the initial server property .
execute delete operation with given template
calculates the modulus count for a particular number of samples
add a solr tuple name / value pairs in the resulting tuple .
recursive jumper as described by jps algorithm
read all of the data from the input stream .
parse a string value to the required type
adds a new limitline to this axis .
readdata - - read the function code and data value
extracts buffered data into the provided byte [ ] array , starting at position bpos , up to a maximum of bavail bytes . returns how many bytes were actually extracted . < p > package protected for access from i / o streams .
trims an array of bytes containing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this queue . ( in other words , this method must allocate a new
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
runs the test case .
modifies the strings in the text of a list of increase and adds all the results to a legend
get event metadata for the metadata tables created .
encode the header into a stringbuffer .
reads bytes from the socket .
flushes the log operation .
creates a new set of pages with the provided page size .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vnx . the difference with this implementation and the superclass ' is that here the creates will be run sequentially .
compares two percent objects .
override to allow for colons in the id without urlencoding them .
reads a signed 16 - bit integer , byte - swapping if necessary .
loads the projects of a database .
convert a phone string to phone stress
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node . leading nodes of already explored states are dropped . so the resulting node state will always be unexplored yet .
checks if the given path is a file
compares the specified object with the same object as the given object .
instantiates a new zookeeper server .
creates a new condition .
read a single path from a file .
produces a string representation of the current time .
sets current barrier generation as broken and wakes up everyone . called only while holding lock .
filters according to type .
send a log message to the registered callback .
format exceptions from a given throwable to an output stream .
builds a source stream according to the given channel .
produce a string from a number .
fills the image data for the client side
create a thread register to this class .
sets the default parameters configuration .
see if this ap pod should be triggered
appends all of the elements in the specified array to the end of this list .
read from the file .
send an error log message
calculates the score of the song given the play counts
remove a scanning callback .
paints a rectangle for the component
return the probe ' s next sample .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
is the current row a page
shut down the executor service by this server .
determine if the given character can be at the beginning of a proposition symbol .
prints a z1 in default format .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
returns a string representation of the array .
returns an ascii string with a given string .
releases a wait for the backing list
this method is used to load a file
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
retrieve the region needing to be redrawn
creates a new sort specification that sorts on the given fields , all in ascending order .
returns true if the current token has been visited .
start up the intent service
deletes a resource recursively .
constructs a new catch block .
remove next file and returns it ' s size
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
creates the gui of the dialog .
generates a random float between two limits . both limits are inclusive .
this constructs an instance . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
perform a range search on the kd - tree .
handles the start of an element .
connects to the server and triggers the database .
checks the reference to a type in a type annotation .
adds a new tracer .
grow the array to be adjusted
add a value to the set randomly
tests whether there are events to run on a single region .
creates a new graph
trims version string version .
queries the inventory . this will query all owned items from the server , as well as information on additional skus , if specified . this method may block or take long to execute .
calculate the implementation of this message based on the number of intervals .
read the given file encoding as a string .
constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
saves data and writes it to disk . if exit is set , program will exit after save completes . complete indicates whether the user has marked the isntancs as complete . if updatedsavename is non - null , the instances content provider is updated with the new name
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
returns true if key is in the index .
generates challenge for the client side .
evaluates all instructions of a basic blocks expression .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
run the last task .
pack a list of type into the byte array .
this is the way to remove a request by it
callback function when heatmap generation has failed
inflate a layout maximum by the configuration framework .
gets object field offset .
add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates
writes a number of bytes to the rrd file on the disk
concatinate the iv to the ciphertext using array copy . this is used e . g . before computing mac .
return a timestamp that is a long value .
creates a new material .
returns the edge whose first two coordinates are in the line whose first two coordinates are in the coordinate
give a character sequence of characters . this method is not thread - safe !
marks an issue as being active .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
test whether a pool can be found or not .
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct count
display an error message in the superclass .
an unparsed entity declaration .
flush any buffered messages .
encode text as utf - 8
processes a focus event .
adds a user to the list of http request .
execute a task that is executed when the task is executed .
serialize to a byte buffer
load an array of constants objects .
parses a string containing a date value from the string field date value .
process incoming touch events
returns a int value containing the specified bit in bits 0 .
read the next record from the file .
simple composition of two component
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
removes a listener for the treemodelevent posted after the tree changes .
constructs a new uri instance .
adds a parameterized view to the stream .
copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer , and append to the complete recording . public int read ( byte [ ] audiodata , int offsetinbytes , int sizeinbytes )
sets the rotation callback to update the current store .
creates an instance of the yearly .
gets hash code for a given object .
adds a template which will parse the parse command string .
attach the camera bitmap from camera image
a function to find the minimum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
allows the mbean to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the mbean server . if the mbean is not already loaded , the mbean will be created .
returns a string if the input matches the given pattern .
returns a string representation of the given annotation value , suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .
allocates a new byte buffer .
adds a new value to the series .
validates collection of list of given attributes .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
put a string in the buffer .
an external entity declaration .
sets the alpha model d .
parses a class descriptor given a class descriptor .
this method validates a reserveresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - delay execution after the specified delay has been reached .
draws a filled ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes , centered on ( x , y ) .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
swaps a cursor on the screen .
lock the flushing mechanism to acquire the flushing mechanism to wait for the target thread .
checks if the class can be successfully loaded classes .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + < br > type
an aes key derived from a base64 encoded key . this does not generate the key . it ' s not random or a pbe key .
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
sorts all children of a given node
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ; .
this function builds a string that is non - null input string , but only if it is present .
check if the contact is sound
iterate over view controllers
checks whether the key is valid or not .
returns a boolean indicating whether this proxy is shutdown .
overload this method in derived class to initialize your rule instance with default values
draws the parts of an internal recording .
formats a date using a format string .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
constructs a message with the specified algorithm .
creates the gui elements of the component .
merge sort . < p / > time complexity : o ( n log n ) space complexity : o ( n ) ( also needs o ( log n ) stack space as it is recursive )
copy control for limited access control context .
writes the given bytes into the buffer .
this method handles the response to the checked queue . if the response reflects an operation failure , it will be cleared .
sends the request to the given stream .
removes the provided view from underlying recyclerview .
consume a css identifier ( id or class ) off the queue ( letter , digit , - , _ ) http : / / www . w3 . org / tr / css2 / syndata . html # value - def - identifier
test the property list .
serializes a serializer xml .
creates an activity object .
roll a journal file with a temporary exception .
check a given geometry string .
this method will be called by dispatcher , and will be repeated till return false .
get the position just the map .
static version of lastindexof .
returns whether an undo is possible , i . e . whether there are any undo points saved so far
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
calculate the destination offset for the file .
update the project events .
define to click point
calculate and set the height of events for a view .
update the priority - ordered list of visible tabs .
tostring , leveldatatostring , & walkgraph methods to implement explorenode interface
request data for igfs response .
scrolls to the previous notification .
calls the super method and writes the id of this node , the numentries and the entries array to the specified stream .
adds an input node to the cluster
initializes the configuration with a database .
display ' s using port
associates a read object with the its serialization handle .
add an extension header to this map .
merges this frame with the given frame .
process the command - separated list of query string
show a scroll to the top of the screen
updates property and not specified .
removes a set of services from a membership .
expands the cluster to include density - reachable items .
getdoublearrayelements : get all the elements of a float array
parse a well - based context string .
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tuner via the bulk interface
write full text to the output stream .
add payment payment amount to the payment payload
attempt to register any unregistered extension namespaces .
removes all objects from this group .
deletes the display name of a existing user
returns the new type node corresponding to the type of the given declaration including the extra dimensions .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
waits for all partitions for remote nodes to be executed .
binds a callback to lifecycle events
returns paths list index of given path or - 1 if not found . note : use indexof ( string , string ) for path inside jars
destroy a new volume .
computes a set of curves using the cardinal spline approach , but using straight lines for completely horizontal or vertical segments .
check if the project has been added to the app .
converts a string to an array of bytes .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
generate a clone of the zoneset
writes the signature block from the given output stream .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
builds a select statement suitable for use in a table .
starts the animation given as parameter .
check if uri key is a uri key .
receives data from the device . returns after the given timeout even if no data has been received .
adds a handler to the channel
runs the test case .
send the connection to the server .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a list containing the elements of the specified collection , in the order they are returned by the collection ' s iterator .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
adds the argument to the command .
translates the given byte array to a long string .
creates a new instance of this class .
this prepares the known points matrix for ordinary kriging
deserialization object from file .
to check if the segment is merged or not .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
add emojicon group list
updates the end of measurement .
should include the include path matches the given path .
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
selects a list of units from the table .
returns an automaton that accepts the concatenation of the languages of the given automata . < p > complexity : linear in number of states .
checks if there is new data changed .
adjust creature based on the supplied data
create a 2d hash value from a given cache
reads the property from a safe serialization format .
javax . net . ssl . sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address , int port , inetaddress clientaddress , int clientport )
converts user input into a path relative to the user ' s absolute path .
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n . must be negative when shifted left by resize_stamp_shift .
read a byte from the input stream .
return the pkcs # 1 byte array .
checks if the given emote is ignored .
is the given property allowed ?
read a file from an http file .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is - 1 .
accept the underlying socket file for inetaddress .
writes a document to a file .
send a fatal error log message
report download progress through the database if necessary .
creates a new , empty document .
( unknown ) set a triangular waveform for one trace .
handles add request handler request .
draws a data point at ( x , y ) .
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
checks if a sample size is set .
parses the information from the column definition .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
creates a session from the given bytes .
adds the given file to the dump store
creates a date using the ordinal date format . specification reference : 5 . 2 . 2 .
writes an attribute value .
checks whether the page number is contained in the given range .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
returns a list with erasure dimensionalitemobject based on the given collection .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created
add new table to the db
decode a salt for a byte array
removed the listener to be notified when the configuration changes
puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list .
this method is fired after the tab has been created and placed in the tab controller .
main scheduling implementation class .
computes the hash code of a base object .
returns an vector with all double values in the input string .
returns a string describing this filter
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
test for correct performance with failure callback .
subclasses should no longer implement this method . use the findandinit ( object ) instead , so subclasses and superclasses can be given the opportunity to use the object , too .
decode the data source properties from xml .
returns the next character in the iteration
adjust the height of a table based on a given row .
bulk delete volume uris .
parse a format string in a format specification .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
updates the enabled state of the table .
generate the url for a given string .
wait for the current thread to finish .
returns a string of the text that contains the given content .
continues a multi - part transformation ( encryption or decryption ) . the transformed bytes are returned .
send an error log message
create a packed color based on the given dimensions .
update the sql statement with the given arguments and arguments .
is the lock a lock ?
runs the test case .
returns the hash code value for the object .
adds a new action to the intent
add distinct entry to list
display the texture if needed .
store the location in the app preferences .
returns a point2d instance .
compares the specified object to this list and return true if they are equal . two lists are equal when they both contain the same objects in the same order .
produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray . values containing the comma character will be quoted . troublesome characters may be removed .
remove a single table from database .
is the given category included in the filter ?
determines if the passed volume is a source volume for any consistency group full copies .
tests two nominal objects for equal .
runs the test case .
performs an entity maintenance security check . returns haspermission = true if the user has the entity_maint permission .
the following bit manipulation mark the state of the device .
to be called when explanation is presented to the user
simple puts the thread to sleep for the passed duration .
prints a string followed by a newline .
reads into a character buffer using the correct encoding .
parses an int value .
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value
returns true if the given program is in the program .
creates a project from a folder
test round - trip encoding of doubles
checks whether the mbean class is registered in the map of registered type .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , asr # < shift_imm > ] ! 0b10 / asr / if shift_imm = = 0 then / asr # 32 / if rm [ 31 ] = = 1 then index = 0xffffffff else index = 0
return the class with the given name .
wait for the operations to become available .
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the interior of the target geometry . handles both linear and point components .
processes a " post " form based on the given file .
creates a new instance of this url .
parse a value , replacing a single character .
constructs a dataset containing a single series ( more can be added ) , tied to the default timezone .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
returns a list of the given elements , in order .
this is to implement memory allocation in the array . like malloc ( ) .
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document .
create a new age object
draws the interiour of an ellipse with an ellipse .
multiplies the range on the domain axis / axes by the specified factor .
refreshes the challenge from the current loop
creates an identity - object .
implement an awt image to be used as an image .
returns true if no security token is available
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
adding a new row with the totals
fills the stack trace from the specified string buffer , starting at the specified offset .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
makes this object immutable .
return real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
modifies the configuration object .
creates a default instance of the setup setup .
attempts to cas - increment the workercount field of ctl .
make a list of items in the adapter .
checks if the given path is a windows separator .
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value .
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list . also creates a text node with the given value and appends it to the new elements child node list .
determines whether or not the current segment is balanced
parse a attributes of the attribute view .
loads a binary file into a byte array
multiple solutions where an empty solution appears in the middle of the sequence .
adds a term to the current conjunction .
switches the underlying output stream from a memory based stream to one that is backed by disk . this is the point at which we realise that too much data is being written to keep in memory , so we elect to switch to disk - based storage .
remove the indices in the interval index0 , index1 ( inclusive ) from the selection model . this is typically called to sync the selection model width a corresponding change in the data model . note that ( as always ) index0 can be greater than index1 .
rebuilds the list of events .
creates a new disk space on the disk store .
deletes all directories in a directory .
writes an array of bytes into this byte string . the byte array is automatically enlarged if necessary .
mark that the expression has been discarded .
registers all the default resources . this method will register all the resources in this class .
processes a response that requires authentication
releases the data that is no longer available
this class is uninstantiable .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
draws a range marker .
initializes the , called after a password has been added .
lock the order of the available order .
atomically adds a new packet to the buffer , and returns length .
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
treat different names for the same e - mail case
execute a sql prepared statement with the specified connection .
stores the stack for the given exception
returns a elf formatter
read a byte array from a url .
checks the current recurrence validity for checktime .
create a new network
convert an long to a string of bytes .
send broadcast request to reply a pending intent .
returns true for a static method .
test hash of a string .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the system line separator .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
called when the socket has been clicked .
for client ip range
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location . the selection may be moved so that it does not intersect the faded edges . the grid is then filled upwards and downwards from there .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
this is called by the nested wrapped line views to determine the break location . this can be reimplemented to alter the breaking behavior . it will either break at word or character boundaries depending upon the break argument given at construction .
convert this simplex to an array of int [ ]
inject the content of the file to the git
check whether charsequence c is empty .
turns a settings string value into a boolean value .
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for named event . this object is responsible for recording this fact .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
the code that does the real work of lookup . as a special case , if the template specifies at least one service type to match , and there are multiple items that match the template , then we make a random pick among them , in an attempt to
returns true if the current instance of this task must be run after at least one task in the task manager queue . the criteria for determining what value to return : if the task list contains any registerlistenertasks , other lookuptasks , or notifyeventtasks associated with this task '
generates a key from the keychain .
construct a new array from this vector .
stops the associated path .
parse the content of the given url as a provider - configuration file .
initialize the full text component .
creates a new line with the specified word .
update the known attachment points . this method is called whenever topology changes . the method returns true if there ' s any change to the list of attachment points - - which indicates a possible device move .
does this still support the document at a specified offset .
format a real number of decimals into a string .
truncates string to a length less than length . backtracks to throw out high surrogates .
escape a string to create a valid json string
answers a sortedset of the specified portion of this treeset which contains elements greater or equal to the start element but less than the end element . the returned sortedset is backed by this treeset so changes to one are reflected by the other .
this method checks if the unit has passed , using the if necessary .
indexes the given field of the provided tuple instance .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
parses the docuemnt element for this object .
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
inserts fullscreen information into a list .
get a stream from the given url .
adds the specified item to the end of the list .
copy share share object with the smb share .
parse the pidf input
deletes all photos of a existing user
this method creates a signed style sdf .
creates the channel selection object
compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
the total number of wallet contained in the tree .
setup and run a test .
import text from file
returns list of file cos ids
the task to execution .
invoked this to insert newchild at location index in parents children . this will then message nodeswereinserted to create the appropriate event . this is the preferred way to add children as it will create the appropriate event .
return the probe ' s next sample .
write lines to file .
verifies the authentication authentication tag
returns the mime type for the given extension .
update the cache with this binder
removes new line character from a string .
creates a new routing object .
add a dted directoryhandler to be used for the dtedframecache .
adds a file provider .
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
read from input to establish our buffer of " parse ahead " lookahead symbols .
split a set of objects into the corresponding variable in the specified variable .
this method writes the header for the csv file
called when the view navigates .
show a task that is not needed immediately .
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement . the replacement string can contain $ 1 , $ 2 etc . referring to matched groups in the regular expression .
migrate an entity all of the entities in the datastore .
adds entries to the passed in map , using the supplied appname as the key . the default value will be used if both provided old and new names are null . the value inserted will be the newname value if it differs from the oldname value . no changes
start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket , keepalive .
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
encode the string into an array of bytes
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
returns whether the specified object equals to this finite field .
precondition : the task in a region
instantiate this pojo object .
loads a binary file from the specified input stream
return true if type is a base type , false otherwise .
sets the m parameter .
consume one character off queue .
process the session according to the specified state .
override the equals method . two coverageintvdts are equal if and only iff their respective attribute and value members are equal .
accept the file pointed .
adds multivalued option to arguments .
or for a negative and a positive number ; the first is shorter
checks if the given activity is one of the given activity .
start the timer and start the timer .
determine if the page is contained in this page .
writes a row count for the table .
send a string to the multicast address .
list the initial token .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns the string representation of this object .
does the work of getting the path .
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
sign bytes to sign .
is the next item in the array ?
de - serialize a byte array to an object .
construct a new interval .
indicates whether the map of named parameters is an entry in the stream .
constructs a new empty item .
bind the specified stream to the current thread .
initialize the map view map .
samples according to the sample standard r .
evolves the specified permutations using the pmx operator .
extracts the span , so that it represents a span .
closes the thread safe operator .
return true if delay exists
push boolean value on to the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml : space = default / preserve .
register default device types .
called when the closing connection has been closed .
creates a new stream reader .
sets message delivery for specified message
return a string representation of a decoded canmessage
returns the prediction class for an example set .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
returns a hash code for this object .
returns a deep copy of this iterator . the cloned iterator is not reset .
zeroes the current query .
returns true if the given chain contains the given key .
adds the given byte array to the program in the program .
sets the rotation angle , in radians , of all 2d rotation planes added to this builder .
based on the server and generate the coordinator file .
converts the specified double to its string representation .
see specification gbt 18284 - 2000
create a record representing a data producer .
constructs a new timer that encapsulates the given applet .
carry out a lookup in the cache with the given parameters .
add a new condition .
get the length of the byte buffer from the given bytebuffer .
peek into . flex file to get package and class name
prints msg and exception to system . out .
fetch the srdf protected target virtual pool uris .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits ) low - endian layout for the array .
converts literal to hex string literal
get the real uri from the cookie " domain " and " path " attributes , if they are not set then uses the uri provided ( coming from the response )
send an info log message
add not null entry to list
creates a new dimportkeypairtype dialog .
pretty printing accumulator function for longs
replace substrings of one string with another string and return altered string .
helper method for * setobject * tests . insert data into the given preparedstatement , or any of its subclasses , with the following structure : 1 - ` id ` int 2 - ` ot1 ` varchar 3 - ` ot2 ` blob 4 - ` odt1 ` varchar
remove an event listener .
running process accepting connections .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method deals with the fact , that the decoding process doesn ' t always yield a single most likely value . the current error correction implementation doesn ' t deal with erasures very well , so it ' s better to provide a value for these ambiguous codewords instead
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream .
get the blocks at the given index .
constructs a lockablefilewriter with a file encoding .
append a text description to the end of the program .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
converts a string location to a url object .
parses a comma - style value from a string object .
a locale independent version of touppercase .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
updates the values in the environment variables .
creates a new character class for each character of the specified string .
adds the db objects to the cache and notifies the version changes .
returns the next main regular expression sequence that matches the pattern .
remove a service node from the node list
converts a string to a long value as a string .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
adds a content items .
send an application ' s handshake message to the client .
sets the minimum and maximum values for this cell renderer .
emit a number of bytes until the next task is reached .
rotate theta degrees about the x axis
tests that each test run ends .
scale a handle for a set of shape .
returns a unprintablecharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
determines the height of this view
checks if the id is null ( or matches the null_uri ) .
update pending list state
limit the value range of the specified range .
creates and displays the title .
returns true if the network is connected to another network
delete an item with the specified position from the list
calculates relative positions for a channel from inputs to destination / from it .
apply matrix to handle the image inside the image view .
add a listener to be notified when startup is complete
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception .
runs the server side operation
creates a des encryption key from the given key material .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
creates a new output module for the javascript output .
returns a string representation of the text node .
scans the xpointer expression
add a source line number of output files to this method .
allocates a new string that contains no characters currently contained in this string buffer .
return the number of signers in the collection .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
methods for starting asynchronous execution . the child process inherits all environment variables of the parent process . result provided to callback handler .
returns the range of y - values in the specified dataset for the data items belonging to the visible series and with x - values in the given range .
instantiates a new assistant client .
checks the see if the attributes exist .
updates zoning information in the unmanaged export mask for a given set of initiators and storage ports .
waits for the default machine .
move the cursor to the selected row
the function whose roots are to be computed .
read the next compile from the input stream , using the ratio as needed .
indicates the number of components making up this identifier .
round ( bigdecimal , mathcontext ) when precision = 0
converting a less than threshold to a random number of keys .
returns the string representation of this vector .
retrieve a publickey instance from a string .
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
handle a shape , lat / lon placement with shape
return the terminal classname for a fully specified classname
adds a graphic to the overlay .
returns the string representation .
performs the native wgl flip operation for the given target component .
add a property restriction .
initialise google analytics immediately so it will catch all sorts of errors prior to easytracker onstart . also makes sensible exception stack traces if you want .
called when the user has double buffering and saves the internal state . this assumes that the components of the time has been changed .
constructs a new service id from the given input stream .
overwrite the processor of an element .
adds a finally clause for earch return statement .
returns the next xml meta token . this is used for skipping over < ! . . . > and < ? . . . ? > structures .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
encode a list into json text and write it to out . if this list is also a jsonstreamaware or a jsonaware , jsonstreamaware and jsonaware specific behaviours will be ignored at this top level .
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values
update the last modified time .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
adds the given key to the configured keystore .
check whether the file needs to be loaded .
draws the chart legend .
the repository definition of this repository .
disables all buttons in the interface
recursion . recurrence relation : isadditivenumber = can ' t stop numbers
write a portion of a string .
add a switch port to the quarantine queue . schedule the quarantine task if the quarantine queue was empty before adding this switch port .
this method will prepare the sort method and sort the sort order . it will get the sort data
add a feature to a node .
creates a word from a string of the given values . the array is set to true , and at least the limits .
sort the individuals according to their comparator .
writes the text in textual representation .
sets executor to executors . newfixedthreadpool ( default_pool_size ) and handler to new handler ( )
check if the given method name is a method name .
creates a password reset exception object .
union arrays , twice in a set of strings .
check whether the state change has been changed
execute the xpath function .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
grab the method name from the signature
set the time for a given stream .
returns the size of the nodeset
returns the next element in the iteration .
escape byte array to a string .
repeats the specified quantile times .
replaces all occurrences of several class names in the class file .
handles return to server configuration page request .
constructs a new cause exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
return the euclidian distance between two coords
called when a test run .
returns the authorization challenges appropriate for this response ' s code . if the response code is 401 unauthorized , this returns the " www - authenticate " challenges . if the response code is 407 proxy unauthorized , this returns the " proxy - authenticate " challenges . otherwise
converts the given session to bytes .
creates a new instance with the specified seed .
verifies the given certificate using the validity
encrypts the password using the standard algorithm .
returns the number of rows in the dataset .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
converts a byte array to a string representation
wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
installs a sound defined by the sdk
returns the number of fragments in the expression .
get the encoding value a glyph given its name and a name table .
transform source bitmap to targeted width and height .
scores a collection of waypoint results .
gets the current time in milliseconds since the epoch , or a mocked out equivalent .
send a verbose log message .
encode double ( 64 bit ) in little endian format .
stores long value with volatile semantic .
runs commands and return output
draws a circle of radius r , centered on ( x , y ) , from angle1 to angle2 ( in degrees ) .
prints a double followed by a newline .
write a 16 bit signed value to the out stream
map a character sequence of digits to a string builder
add a button pressed .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
fills an xml attribute .
creates a jcomponent with the properties to be used .
copy file to given output stream .
deserialize a kdbentry from a header
transforms the annotations of this class .
runs the test case .
check if all addresses which have been granted or not .
fetch the client cache from cache server .
paints a portion of a highlight .
adds a control to the psr list .
processes are changed in the same class as those in the opposite . this is used to create and add new dependency to the same page .
recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color and offsets
returns string representation of oid . note : it is supposed that passed array of integers contains valid oid value , so no checks are performed .
grows the size of the stack
called by the thread after exiting the idle state .
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation .
compares this uri against another object .
repaints all the children in this group .
validates a dns name for format
read a comment in the xml comment .
finds the next character in the string that is not found in the given string .
guess a best url type from the provided url .
used for testing - - input is a full csv line : < freq , domain , ip , ts , opt : generic >
connect to the server .
cache whether the cache with specific version is using the optional authorization header
collect the active ivr zoneset
get an empty immutable array .
replaces non - minus nodes with non - string representation .
produces a string representation of the array .
returns a hash code value for this attribute .
deletes a vertex for a given category .
read the contents of a reader into a list of strings .
adds cache entries to the cache .
check if a class is interesting .
compare two elements of another type .
returns true if the underlying resource has changed . xxx : restore ismodified ( ) with
creates a new css component for an image of a css color .
compares two version strings for equality .
creates a data source .
get the set of values that have been registered .
scroll to the current item .
helper method to add new meta - data to the map .
removes the given word from the store .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the second is longer .
add an item to the recent menu .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
invokeany ( c ) returns result of some task in c
inject all package related to the given package name
closes this character stream .
creates the blockobject blocksnapshot data .
starts the udp server , i . e . , the ports will be started and udp the port . < p > starts with the supplied port .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
forwards caught exceptions to input stream .
clears the result of the composed graphics
returns a string representation of the given collection .
check if value within allowed range .
this method replaces a place holder with the place holder .
looks up an array of comparable attributes .
tell whether multiple frame is allowed to be merged
parse an xml configuration from a file .
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
create an xml file after the test .
posts the given event to the event queue .
choose an alias to authenticate the server side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
process the image out to the destination file
creates a new path handler .
loads the lines from the url .
load excludes from source files
remove the argument with the specified argument .
description of the method
constructs an instance with the given oid .
creates a note message .
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other . while it ' s not a defect per se if the xids are we want to ensure we use different ones for each message we send .
add a node as one of the next nodes .
invoked when the config dialog is changed .
reads a utf - 8 encoded string from the input stream .
add an array of integers to the filter .
reset all internal state to be at the top of the grid .
calls super . nexttoken ( ) and prints out a string representation of token type and content .
returns the current component manager .
returns true if the device is on the vplex network .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
write the contents of the buffer to the server .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
removes wheel clicking listener
adds the given section to the list of sections . sections in the medusa library usually are less eye - catching than areas .
calculates and sets the preferred to the target position between the given offsets .
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding its capacity as necessary .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
pipes all the static method reads all the data from the stream and writes it to the underlying stream .
add a matching rule in the canonical mime t form such as " image / * " or a mime t literal such as " text / html " .
validate the given number is mapped .
send a message for this worker to the worker thread .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
converts a string array to an array of strings .
picks the charset of the file system using the specified charset .
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation
removes all mappings from this hash map , leaving it empty .
adds a layer to the map
read the specified file of rules .
applies updates to the word set being managed by this resource .
draws a text label .
write characters to the buffer .
detect the given episode from the given file
creates an operation that creates an array of the given type and size .
fire an event to listeners .
parent of two preference requests .
expunges stale entries from the table .
returns true if the passed text is a numeric character .
tells whether a given type is a char
construct a key from its encoding . called from newkey above .
convert a calendar to a java . util . date
is client authentication enabled ?
creates a panel with the given title
write the text and append a newline ( using the platform ' s line - ending ) .
get the child at the given index .
if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
factory method that creates a new value set .
removes the leading and trailing quotes .
returns whether a namespace is defined
a shallow clone requires cloning the attributes but not the child nodes .
creates a new dbasicconstraints dialog .
static version of lastindexof .
create a new doublecolumn .
read sin records ( in fact does nothing )
purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected .
checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterinstantconverters ' .
this method checks if the instance is equals to the target object .
adds a new value to the series .
check if size ( a ) = = size ( b )
imports the date from the import object .
writes a document into a file .
dispatches to lucene ' s simplequeryparser ' s newprefixquery , optionally lowercasing the term first or trying to analyze terms
creates a call from stmt s to sootmethod m
start the player stop .
computes standard deviation of a normal distribution
deletes all files in a folder
validates that given string is not empty
resets this context ' s surfaces and initial value .
convert a collection to a collection .
logout user , use this method to logout account .
to create an update operation .
constructs a certificate object .
decodes base64 data into octects
check if an socket address is valid .
close the underlying writer .
produces a vector of vectors in radians .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
gets the contents at the given uri .
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data , replacing the previous mapping if there was one .
hide the border rectangle .
this method removes the business transaction configuration .
add a point to the density .
add a tag to the tag .
constructs a list of tls connections .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
order relevant ids to nodes
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
initialize the internal storage array .
serializes the expression to a string .
initialize the internal frame maximize button settings .
restores a method and return a workflow .
remove a data source listener
returns the right prefix of the given string .
clear the name of all blocks in the node .
format the data object .
called when a grid is being stopped .
push the folder of the last template loaded as a temporary relative reference . this can be useful if we need to resolve other references that are ( or could be ) relative to the previous loaded template .
print the first outgoing of the tree
draws an arc on the plot .
adds an event to the simulation .
create a new schema .
initialize board with random board
hbase table connection callback function
add primitive type abbreviation to maps of abbreviations .
initialize entities map entity types
find and return the replicator install directory .
construct a stringdatatype object from data
writes an integer to the output stream .
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
execute a given file in subdirectory .
used to check destination track to see if it will accept rolling stock
close the stream , flushing it first . once a stream has been closed , further write ( ) or flush ( ) invocations will cause an ioexception to be thrown . closing a previously - closed stream , however , has no effect .
normalizes a given path string by removing all empty spaces .
returns a random method .
record the given exception .
default implementation of custom logic .
invoked if the computation completes successfully
stops all the managed routes thread .
write the current speech data by appending the data in the current buffer .
parses the provided string template .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
on whether the given xml tag is clicked .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
checks the see if the server are cached by the server through a list of server .
returns current nanosecond time .
removes an extension from this object .
retrieve list of namespace declaration locations active at this node . list is an suballocatedintvector whose entries are the namespace node handles declared at that id . % review % directly managed arrays rather than vectors ? % review % handles or ids ? given usage , i think handles
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
adds the specified observer to the list of observers . if it is already registered , it is not added a second time .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
computes the euclidean distance between the given vector and the given array .
returns a string describing the field offset .
adds a key - value mapping .
release the owner field of an object
converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects .
converts the thread pool to the executor
adds a group properties listener .
this function edits a global sql comment .
load the element from the specified object
clear any existing session .
returns true if the provided entry exists in the directory .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
initialize jni field and method ids
returns an integer corresponding to the given name .
process notification of the start of an xml element being reached .
check type of section element defined by key . return true this element is string
this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes specified in the vmlist
initialize the actual transformations object .
report product version information from ant .
construct the network using the specified neurons .
check for equality of the two characters sequences starting at the specified index
divide zero by a negative number .
provides an enumeration of productions of the stack
add the given node to the set of " tight " nodes .
gets the event as disabled
creates new dsignjar dialog where the parent is a frame .
transform a matrix to the screen
convert an escaped function into < p > string representation .
return a string representation of this object .
adds a listener event
checks if we have sampled for eviction in cluster . so , we can only happen before calling this method .
localized a message with the given path .
adds a wait time to the batch .
print out the user data .
connects socket connection to the underlying socket .
check the given string is a boolean literal
handles an append request failure .
selects the most suitable preview and picture size , given the desired width and height . < p / > even though we may only need the preview size , it ' s necessary to find both the preview size and the picture size of the camera together , because
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
decodes the base64 - encoded string into its original representation .
converts attributes into a map .
makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this instruction .
create a list from passed objx parameters
reads the next part of the related file
determines if the tab is a multiline line .
computes the values of all the values in the given weights .
translates the object data type to the database
creates a list of shaperecord to draw a rectangle
find the minimum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
moves the selected item up in the model ( and table ) . this can behave kind of odd when the table is filtered or sorted automatically , so it should not be used then .
creates a new jar file .
shuts down the executor service .
converts a list of paths to a relative path
processes or install a dialog if necessary .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
sets up the time interval .
rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
frees all items currently in the frontier .
adds wheel changing listener
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml
concatenates two byte arrays .
assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received .
asserts the argument is valid , as determined by the caller passing the result of an evaluated expression to this assertion .
returns true if the calendar instance is currently at the current date .
construct the login profile
this method creates a volume
returns the collection ' s iterator as a collection .
add the path to the start of the path .
parse the content of this node .
fills a sequence of byte arrays into the specified buffer .
removes all board callbacks .
reads entire binary file if not specified .
handles the creation creation of the service .
checks the shape of a shape to make it more than one new shape .
returns whether the file is visible or not .
append a string to the path , more than one line .
deletes all files in the internal storage directory .
construct a new string by converting the specified array of bytes using the specified character encoding . the length of the new string is a function of the encoding , and hence may not be equal to the length of the byte array . bytes - the bytes to be
only used for debugging .
compute the editor for the given cell . this method returns a suitable for the cell that is displayed .
read a byte array .
construct a cuboid in the given world name and xyz co - ordinates .
calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model using newton and raftery ' s harmonic mean estimator
checks if the message is new messages .
installs the http properties into the current user .
writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of doubles written .
load a real number from an address type .
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
creates a filename in the given path or part of the given filename .
queues up the executorservice to the route .
add a name to the list of padstacks with the specified name .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
for command line arguments .
the start of an element .
create an omgraphiclist with a set of values .
create an input source
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
returns the root node of the user preference hierarchy .
return port formatted string for use in debug .
used to adjust the provided provider .
tell if the table contains the given string .
read the contents from a file
converts to x - axis index .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
input the named connection .
creates a new instance of a class manager .
display the current render surface .
returns the last login time .
splits text to words
add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list , and enqueue it into the list to broadcast when notify ( ) is called . if the app is already in the list , doesn ' t add it .
enum is optional as string values
remove luns from uri
convert dash values into an array of strings .
cas head field . used only by enq .
position the next token from the database .
load the list of files from the cache .
read a line of bytes from the stream , returning the result as a string .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
check if a table exists in the database .
read out the content of the input stream .
checks whether the given string contains a literal pattern .
compress given bytes to a byte array
establish an invariant that the specified service is not joined with the quorum .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
do the appropriate processing for cfb mode encryption .
this method prints a string .
adds each of the provided connections to the current tree as children of their respective parents . the parent connection groups must already be added .
loads a map from an input stream .
adds a decoration at the end of the list .
attempt to parse link a link title
record audit block related event and audit
add a new recangle .
called when console is closed .
gets the size of the list .
create a warning diagnostic .
creates a new instance of the class
handles edit sub model request .
remove a graph listener
returns true if this connection is ready to host new streams .
adds the given column to this table at the given position in the column list
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
initializes all components used in dialog .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
normalizes the norm vector by a vector .
gets a string representation of the value .
returns a hash code value for this object .
deserialize the archive archive archive .
converts a ring of directededges into a list of all edges .
generate the mac based on hmac_algorithm
removes a listener on group events
updates the ui file size with the current buffer size .
write the new journal to the output file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
returns true if the charsegment matches the string
invoked when the mouse button has been released on a component .
computes the maximum value for a series chart .
add a channel at the given index , and add it to the channel model .
joins an array of objects into one string with separator .
does the set contain a store of trait ?
create supply document to balance qtyplnned
returns the number of parameters in this parameter file .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
load the values for this step from an xml node
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
calculates the dot product ( or - 1 ) of two vectors .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
returns the standard deviation distance between this vector and the given list .
trims the current capacity to the end of the array .
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
compares a date with a date
decodes the solution set and returns the next chunk count .
tries to start a new client .
multiply a value , multiply all values by a key .
utility method to check if the level of the given level is a currently expanded level .
compute the package fragment children of this package fragment .
quote a string by another file .
reads net data from buffer .
clears the maps for all the maps .
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image .
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
update end of the session .
returns a invocation invocation invocation for the given key .
this method compute the mark of the audit . here is the algorithm formula : ( ( 1 - rationmi ) * passed / ( passed + failed ) + rationmi needmoreinfo / ( passed + failed + needmoreinfo ) ) * 100f where rationmi = needmoreinfo / ( passed
gcd : the first number is zero
test of getkingsq method , of class movegen . pawn moves .
implements golay ( 23 , 12 , 7 ) error detection and correction . returns the number of detected errors . if the error count is less than or equal to the max correctable errors ( 3 ) , then the error bits are corrected . otherwise the message is
parses the given statement and executes it against an expression
parses a relative path and returns the result .
picks an encoding for an external entity . defaults to utf - 8 .
generates a url for a particular item within a series .
returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state .
clears the required information .
creates a new id3v11 .
create a program using the specified jdbc connection .
return a real number with a cauchy distribution .
add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor , even if a pre - processing - command to delete the group is encountered .
print the entire layout .
requests a connection from the queue .
adds a field to run the query against a specific field .
encodes this key to an output stream .
invoked when the task is ready to be triggered .
return array as string
copies the data from the source array to the target and target arrays .
computes the location on a great circle path ( line of constant azimuth ) meters . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the location , not elliptical .
parse json files from a manifest .
read bytes until the count is satisfied .
fire all the operators in the operators .
removes a single individual .
modifies the variable label
repeats the specified substring a number of times .
wait for a maximum amount of time for a state change event to occur
pick the leaf that minimize cost
add a user to the list of attributes .
convert the requested field string into a color object .
get bounds of wf node icon
stop all workers of the given workers .
clones this frame map into a list of frame .
compute the hash code for object sequences used in hashtables . used to avoid double - used by object sequences .
calculate the transition state for the given percentage .
returns the long name corresponding to the given method name and method .
saves the state to the underlying stream .
pulls a string off the queue , up to but exclusive of the match sequence , or to the queue running out .
prints an ip string of ip addresses
disposes all resources processing
calculates the number of transposition between two strings .
dummy implementation of inherited abstract method .
stream items with a blocking iterator .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
registers a manifest instance .
arranges the blocks in the container with no width constraint .
returns true if content type is a content type
generates a certificate keypair using the provided public key . this is not a public key for the public key .
handles next button request .
checks if all the dependencies are accessed .
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext of this object . for the layer , this method doesn ' t do anything . if your layer does something with the childrenadded method , or findandinit , you should take steps in this method to
validates the given directory , including any parent directories .
returns a string representation of this network .
writes default serializable fields to stream .
report the beginning of an entity . the start and end of the document entity are not reported . the start and end of the external dtd subset are reported using the pseudo - name " [ dtd ] " . all other events must be properly nested within start
is the given word a java keyword ?
extracts the import href from a url string .
returns whether two objects are equal .
runs the test case .
renames an object type , e . g . " lcom . package . myclass ; " or an array type that has an object element , e . g . " [ lcom . package . myclass ; " if the type doesn ' t need to be renamed
write a list of strings to a file .
creates a new dpolicyconstraints dialog .
invalidates all objects previously saved .
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbytearrayxml ( ) .
write the strings to the file , one per line .
allows you to cancel all requests currently in queue or running , by set tag , if passed tag is null , will not attempt to cancel any requests , if tag is null on requesthandle , it cannot be canceled by this call
utility function to draw an horizontal margin indicator
returns a subset of the subset record having the given schema having the given index .
queue all pending values to be run .
interprets the cell as a string .
transform a shape according to the current transform .
prints out a list , starting at the specified indentation , to the specified print writer .
initializes all components used in dialog .
obtains the revocation status of a certificate using ocsp .
return the alpha for th alpha = true if the type is < = false .
removes the specified tracking icon .
return all interval that are not part of a list of states which are not part of any pages .
removes parent file from parent ' s absolute path
returns true if a is nearly equal to the given value .
ends the current element context and gets back to the parent context . this method should be called at the end of the endelement method of derived classes .
java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , int , int , byte )
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
calculates the log value of the given value .
uploads a file from source files
creates a zip file - opens directory for a zip file .
remove a custom data handler for a given column name . subsequent to this method , the column will use the default handler .
checks if the tag is empty .
restores the capacity of this preference fragment .
sets the touch field to system . currenttimemillis ( ) .
construct a catalog entry of the specified type .
add a message to the list of messages .
adds the stack indices to the top of the stack path .
logs diagnostic messages about the given classloader and it ' s hierarchy . the prefix is prepended to the message and is intended to make it easier to understand the logs .
add a message to the config .
gets files for all registered file appenders .
is the auto - reduction case sensitive ?
test whether the given node is a namespace decl node . in dom level 2 this can be done in a namespace - aware manner , but in level 1 doms it has to be done by testing the node name .
returns the hash code value for this object .
creates a new instance of parent service .
checks the equality of two inputs .
convert a color to a string .
perform the default action .
construct a new initial drag builder .
called when the end of an element .
cancel all currently running tasks
returns the value at index from the specified index .
initialize the layout with starting values .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
find the value that corresponds to this key . it finds only the first occurrence of the key .
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
construct a match pattern from a pattern and template .
requests that the underlying socket is closed .
returns true if the argument has an annotation type .
use tostring ( ) to log a string without specifying an exception .
creates new log instance .
receive one byte from the port and convert it into string
checks for dependencies with given name .
check whether the id is a valid local id
show a video video file
takes a list of coordinates and converts it to gml . < br > 2d and 3d aware .
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot
determines whether the popup can be cropped according to the current comparator .
creates a job based on the specified activiti xml .
find classes with root suffix
validates a xml string . this method performs a valid xml name .
writes this table to the given file .
read values from the source file .
returns true if the given access region is a member of the given ui .
create a sequence containing a vector of objects .
creates a single thread to process notification .
verifies that member fields are non - null .
compute the segment offset .
returns the element at the specified location in this vector .
creates a list of relations that caches reads from the given json result .
crafts the on - the - wire octet array conforming to the given text of the octet array .
formats a double value using the specified number of decimal places .
flush any buffered messages .
copy source files from one file to another
validate the c - octet string
returns the bounding box that is inside the given bounds .
add button for clearing graph data .
calculate the distance between two points
create a file for the given file .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the given line separator .
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
adds a notification object to this mbean .
creates an nfs datastore . the datastore will be be created .
check the size of the array and increase if needed
create a new media context .
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
in case of a task has been received .
creates calibration charts for the simulation and benchmark / survey dataset param color scheme ( red_scheme , autumn , muted rainbow , lollapalooza , french girl , m8_colors ) param map of number of trips per distances class , split by mode param map of number of trips per travel
removes dollar ( $ ) prefix from the given name if it exists
checks if the specified name is a member of specified name .
re - do the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
reports result using future . get conventions .
writes out protein view to an zipped and compressed html file .
test for multiple select statements in the database .
* save button ( in the class )
writes the data in os to the file .
start monitoring the current thread .
finds the first occurrence of a given name in the element .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
here is where variable is a regular expression .
remove the specified element from the selection .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
prints a formatted string to standard output , using the locale and the specified format string and arguments ; then flushes standard output .
process the source tree to the output result .
tests comparison of different attributes .
adds a phi insn to the beginning of this instruction .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes this channel and releases all temporary files .
returns the value of adding the two numbers
adds the provided optional attributes .
displays dialog in the history dialog .
returns the number of elements in this queue .
reads all bytes from the stream and return true if eof .
construct a simplereactstream from an publisher
creates a new listener handler .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
find notification id embedded in the database .
setup the green gradient
writes a plain text file with two columns where the first column contains the same key and second the map values .
this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value .
add a number and a character . the ordinal value of the character is used in the addition ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
clips the passed in string to the space provided . note : this does not return the expected width of the available space .
removes an element from the list .
check whether or not the specified object is a generated proxy class .
resets the references for streaming .
add a slide to the intro
splits the given string into lines using on any embedded newlines , and wrapping the text as needed to conform to the given maximum line width . this uses and assumes unix - style newlines
removes wheel changing listener
allocates a direct float buffer , and populates it with the float array data .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server
cleans a directory without deleting it .
inverse watermarking transformation , extract embedded bit values
moves a file or directory to the destination directory . < p / > when the destination is on another file system , do a " copy and delete " .
reads the security configuration from a properties file .
closes an input stream .
clear all the files in the temporary directory .
return true if the edge ab intersects the given edge of constant latitude .
starts the process described by ' builder ' , and asserts that it sees ' expectedout ' on stdout and ' expectederr ' on stderr . times out after 10s .
below method will be used to start file based merge
callback for when text is inserted into the document .
constructs a new datetime object .
determines whether this spring should be a managing from a target component . it only unregister the target component and this spring , so we don ' t use this .
reads the field from an object .
subtract zero from a number . the number is positive .
< rm > , asr # < shift_imm > operation : if shift_imm = = 0 then if rm [ 31 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = 0 shifter_carry_out = rm [ 31 ] else / / rm [ 31 ] = = 1 / shifter_operand = 0xffffffff shifter_carry_out
creates a new plaintext component with the given char
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
determines whether this instance has a calendar .
creates an initial port and starts to listen .
pretty printing accumulator function for doubles
convert a bitmap to an ardor3d image
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . this is used when an object is being deserialized from the xml document and the value for the string representation is required .
test if the dom implementation implements a specific feature .
assigns storageports ( including ports ) ports .
returns the next event in the iteration
append a iterator to the buffer .
update a jcombobox with the latest automations .
description of the method
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
compares two connection objects .
should never be called .
add a resource into view
checks if the given string is a numeric numeric number .
open a new keystore ( key , password ) , and a password is reset to the user . returns true if successful .
encode string as a byte array in base64 annotation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given value .
returns the " current time " notion of this scheduler .
appends a name / value pair to the named list .
creates a properties object containing the properties from the given url .
calculates the utility for a query plan .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
finds the value that is accessible to the user . must be done when a value box is found , or if the value at the end .
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
creates the directory or key corresponding to the given key .
calculates the log value of the given value .
returns a vector3 containing the given x , y , and z values .
processes a datagram packet .
tear down after testing .
flushes this stream , flushing any buffered data .
returns the color code for the given color , which is in radians , from a given color space .
specify a configure with a name , value present for use in the expression .
put packet packet to remote peer .
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
java . util . arrays # fill ( boolean [ ] , int , int , boolean )
calculates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector .
handle a failure message from a json exception .
format nothing . just use the control string .
a resource name to construct a graph
updates the combo box display .
returns the tip text for this property
joins a string array of values into a single value , separated by a separator .
returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
the class could be a single character .
clean up when done
requests the group data into a group
compute link url for the link url
serializes cookie object into string
skips the given number of bytes .
resumes the ken burns effect animation .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative
adds the contents of this prototype .
creates all the gui in this panel .
add a property change listener
is the extension function available ?
allocate a section to the list of sections and sections .
true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
generate an array of random bytes
calculates the weight of the table cell .
removes the last extension from a file ' s filename
delete the attribute value .
scale based on min , max
internal utility method to determine if the given scheme should use semicolons ( ; ) for query separator instead of ampersand ( & )
add a leaf node with the given name if it is leaf , and all its parent nodes . if this node is leaf , the node is added to the path .
move all blocks in the given range to all listeners .
converts a database name to a java variable name . the naming conventions used to allow for this are as follows : a database name ( table or column ) is in all capital letters , and the words are separated by an underscore ( for example : neat_entity_name or
hex - encodes the given byte array in given buffer .
clamp the size of the given size .
create a new thread that connects to the supplied endpoint .
returns a string representation of this vector .
encode the input data producing a url safe base 64 encoded byte array .
draws the path at the given coordinates .
add a file system observer to this monitor .
instantiates an empty message link .
detect the logarithm of the logarithm function ( a , b )
adds the given number as a op_n opcode to the end of the program .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
change all the entries to the tree entries .
create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
paints the background image .
adds a pending action to the list for this phase .
to create a polygon we need atleast 3 separate points
reads the json value from the json array for specified index
waits until the element is present .
assert that the testsubscriber has successfully received any onerror event .
returns true if the given url is valid
check whether this work is canceled .
push a treewalker on the stack .
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
updates the original database files .
dump the metadata into a readable form
parse a language resource from the given json resource .
converts states of the state of this object into a new instance .
detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
creates a new density function with the given points
clone the object to a byte array .
determine if there are more than 2 points currently in the partial hull .
creates a new zip entry with the specified name .
bug # analysis ( ) . create a bug using a connection .
read the given dictionary file from the input stream .
match to the ' target ' string ' . the wildcard is one of the wildcard character . if no target is found , the wildcard character is the ' * ' appended number of the target matches . < p > returns the string . for example , the
add a vertex to the graph .
resets the viewtomodel array to be of size rowcount .
get all the elements of the specified array .
do we run on windows
determine if this throwable is assignable from the given exception .
combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string . combines as many messages as possible , while staying under max_payload_size . returns null if the queue is empty .
prints a int to the stream .
returns a map of discovered itemsets and their size .
checks if is all capitalized .
extract a generic item from the meta data .
updates a particle position
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
loads a library using the specified classloader and classes .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is multiple of 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
save the keystore to a file
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
adds or updates a filter to the list of filters to be added .
send a debug log message
generate an array of random bytes
update the statistics used by the table .
javax . net . ssl . x509extendedkeymanager # chooseengineserveralias ( ) test , verifies that a full file is loaded .
returns a string representation of the object .
checks , if the item is a split point of the active items .
flipbit method that transforms a byte arrays in a specified byte array .
parses an html definition .
adds users to the server
returns the thread pool until this thread is full .
removes a single individual .
copies a file from one location to another directory
decode properties into string ( url encoded )
generates an xml representation for this cell .
tests comparison of different nth elements .
deletes a directory recursively .
morph a component into a given destination directory .
localized string to timestamp conversion . to be used in tandem with timestamptostring ( ) .
returns true if the string starts with the given prefix
removes all values from this map .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
read a byte [ ] from the input stream
converts string to byte array .
plays the file after getting a user
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
returns the interval for the given confidence value .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
returns true if the sha hash contains the given hash
add a new value key .
update percentage with range and border .
convert a char [ ] value to an integer name .
split the string in lines ; separate by cr , lf or crlf .
draws a drawing on the plot .
adds a hole to the polygon formed by this ring .
create and register all needed compatible with this component .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
initialize the genericactivity fields .
skip specified number of bytes .
generate 160 bit hash key identifier .
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for a sets relation .
creates a new dsubjectinformationaccess dialog .
verify signer ( string ) creates instance
reads an svg " rect " element .
create a listmodel with the provided items .
returns true if field messagetype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
internal method to map a char buffer
constructs a new instance of the specified file .
compute cached access profile
reads a single short .
create a replication job to copy a partition .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
takes in a string of an application and generates html output
finds a top level service for a given context .
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system .
finds a virtual path by id .
calculates the kernel value of a stat distribution .
runs the components previously created by the specified components .
check the header of an index header
returns the stack map table written out .
save the name to the buffer .
schedules a list of storage volumes into a single recommendations .
provide a list of absolute paths on the current base path .
returns true if the specified module is a directory slot .
insert a list of expected types in the map
copies the data from the source stream to the specified destination buffer .
returns the position of the given level in the tree .
attempts to read more data .
add additional numeric additional processing .
parses the groups in the group .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
see description in the parent of this compound operator .
starts drag and overrides action .
tells whether the given character can be provided in a string .
add the header line to the comment
load a column from the given result set
encodes this url using utf - 8 encoding .
returns get url with appended parameters .
this method is used when a prefix / uri namespace mapping is indicated after the element was started with a startelement ( ) and before and endelement ( ) . startprefixmapping ( prefix , uri ) would be used before the startelement ( ) call .
guesses the type of a file , based on file name suffix returns " application / octet - stream " if no corresponding mimemap type .
asserts that each entry in terms of terms with varying minshouldmatch
returns true for a public class .
release all tuner details
creates a new transferable .
writes a length of the buffer to the stream .
put font name into system
writes a reference to the map .
parses a data object from the current parsing position . this can either be a nsdata object or a gnustep nsnumber or nsdate . the prerequisite for calling this method is , that a data begin token has been read .
returns true is the population contains no individuals .
formats this year - month using the specified formatter . < p > this year - month will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
convert class name to dotted format . if the class name is already in dotted format , it is returned unmodified .
creates a new dviewextensions dialog .
plays previous video in playlist
invokes accessible method of an object with the given parameter types .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . null references are not added .
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path
remove history elements from history .
this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes . those are used to configure the view .
creates a new log message using the provided string as a template .
this is the same as the string . it returns an id suitable for the string .
returns a boolean indicating whether this resource can load the loaded data .
cast result object to a boolean .
generates the xml for the current request . follows the format laid out at http : / / code . google . com / p / omaha / wiki / serverprotocol with some additional dummy values supplied .
removes case insensitive from a string .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
formats this year - month using the specified formatter . < p > this year - month will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
initialisation of a source
version 1 : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | key | value | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - version 2 : - - - - - - - -
the matrix is not supported
override this if the should_not_contain_same_error_codes_for_different_instances_that_are_not_wrappers test is failing and you * really * want to allow one or more of your error codes to have duplicate apierrors that are not wrappers . this should be used with care .
check if the field is visited
removes a download from the completed list .
modifies the main query by adding a new optional query consisting of shingled phrase queries across the specified clauses using the specified field = & gt ; boost mappings .
returns the response as a hex id .
updates the info ready to send the info via the connection .
create a new snapshot .
store current file in this session .
merge properties with a map of string
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
deletes all phonenumbers of a existing user
called when a player is established .
parse the parameter value .
makes a list of strings from a given string .
skips the counter by n .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
maps all players ' s " radius to a location
constructs a new curve from the specified group .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
add a message header with the given name and header .
initialize the uniform sampling .
get a string representation of the object .
recreates workspace table and migrates data to the new table .
executes a query parameter from the given json object .
closes all elements in the stack .
receive notivication of a entityreference .
create a partitioned table by using a partition .
links node as last element , or returns false if full .
draws a divider for the given child in the given bounds .
creates a new form specification object .
decode the data in the input stream .
draws the visual representation of a single data item .
writes a little - endian int .
writes an double field value .
calculate the next alarm level for the next parameter .
before and return a new instance of the db .
deletes a given trait from an existing entity represented by a guid .
adds a table to the list .
writes a template string to a file .
returns all the text at the given url .
clears any cached loading reports ( typically called by the loader )
add an item to the toolbar
adds an attribute to the attribute payload .
computes a result for the caller ' s iterator and returns a list of results .
run a query searched in a different application instance
generate a user id from a clicked inclusive .
starts the shutdown and flag .
generates code for binary output
returns true if the model is a cell ( label is an area )
write a list of short types into an output stream .
load excludes from resource in current thread .
close streams without pain
creates a transaction manager that will transaction a transaction manager .
skips over the file until a character from delimiters is found .
converts a package name to a path by replacing all ' . ' characters with the file . separatorchar character . is therefore platform independent .
returns whether this map contains the specified key in this map .
returns true if the given fragment is null or fragments are allowed .
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes the hashtable , in order to accommodate and access its entries more efficiently . this method is called when the number of keys in the hashtable exceeds this hashtable ' s capacity and load factor .
save all the poitypes in the database .
creates the xml element for an integer value .
check if we can decrypt the given scope , meaning it is done or not .
responds to the negation column in the edit conditional window
add a header column .
check if duplicate request is valid for duplicate request .
is the hidden view
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
delete a directory or file or directory .
determine if the menu bar is set .
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
create a priorityqueue from a word - > tf map .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
traverse from each object all its arguments .
terminates the program . < p > this method returns normally ' s exit status .
returns the distance between two points in radians ,
processes the given challenge token . some authentication schemes may involve multiple challenge - response exchanges . such schemes must be able to handle the state information when dealing with sequential challenges
calculate g ^ x mod p as done in round 1 .
add cost element to stack
add undo event to the undo stack .
establish the main entry point for a disk on the main thread .
add the imagespan to the start of the text .
validates a password using a hash .
returns a list of snapshots from repository sorted by snapshot creation date
add a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
multiply a number by zero .
clean the static method
paints the background of a tab .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
return an automaton that accepts the terms for this query .
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset .
simulates a zookeeper shutdown
number of threads in this process ( since linux 2 . 6 ) . before kernel 2 . 6 , this field was hard coded to 0 as a placeholder for an earlier removed field .
assigns the role that is assigned to the user .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
writes an initial 32 bit values to the stream .
converts a collection into a string of strings .
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked so that all operations must be serialized .
run the given runnable in the ui thread .
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
loads xml file to gather .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
remove an string at index
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
implements the same behaviour as the " touch " utility on unix . it creates a new file with size 0 or , if the file exists already , it is opened and closed without modifying it , but updating the file date and time . < p / >
wrapscallback ( ) is an easymock argument predicate . wrapscallback ( c ) matches a callback if calling that callback causes c to be called . in other words , c wraps the given callback .
the editing cell should be selected or not
prepare one unicode string
add zero to zero
add class name to the query .
attempts to validate format messages with specified format and message .
parse the upper case attribute for a unicode character . if there is an upper mapping attribute and the parse succeeds , then the haslowermap field is set to true , the lowermap field of this unicodespec object is updated , and false is returned . if the lowercase mapping
keep private . this method is called only from the worker thread .
compresses the given number of files , each of the given size , into a . zip archive .
returns true if the given playlist is a valid playlist
import the output file
add a row to the batch .
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm
creates a subset of vertices sampled in a specific iteration .
create a new instance .
move all beans from the center point to the initial centers .
retrieve the list of foos .
makes a copy of a list of characters .
deletes the text , bottom , or deletes them from the composed text .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
loads the environment loader .
creates a new producer instance .
animate opening a tab in the foreground .
returns true if the function can be built from the specified type , false otherwise .
load org access execute table
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object . note that this includes disk access so this should not be executed on the main / ui thread .
using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for ceph hlu is not applicable
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams .
returns the largest values of all the items
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking due to a full output buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied appendable . for this , two threads are started , but join ( ) ed ,
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
adds list of arguments in command line .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
read all the contents of a file in the classpath .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
returns a random color with the specified color .
parse a category of a category and their original category
processes the target type .
creates a new instance .
aborts closing of previous service
add a csp listener to the solution strategy .
print the text on the stream .
remove a range of mappings as a batch .
check the nullability of the column definitions for the resultset matches the expected values .
computes the smallest rectangle .
add a timeline to the timeline .
load data from file storage
paints the text area .
returns a copy of this array with the specified elements as additional elements .
sends the specified event to all listeners .
this method updates the records from key - value - to - right .
load extension from extensions .
deletes all photos of a existing user
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
limit the limit of the query to limit the limit .
checks whether a file exists .
write the bytes to byte array .
skips characters . this will not ' skip ' past the end of the document .
initialize the list of new methods .
convert the file name to a file .
copies a byte array to a file .
here we bound the deltas such that the frame cannot be stretched beyond the extents of the celllayout , and such that the frame ' s borders can ' t cross .
creates an authentication configuration object .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
returns the tip text for this property
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
send the message to the buffer .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
handles an event . this method can only be called once if the event is not used .
finds the resource with the given name , or null if none found .
determines if the two lists are equal .
execute shell commands , default return result msg
populate the content of a blob using the check_binary_blob stored procedure .
unregisters a local file from being observed for changes .
makes the object immutable
appending the is null operator clause .
removes all associations from the process queue .
update the channel status
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
saves the analysis of all data recorded in this analyzer to the specified file .
returns an iterator over the stored capabilities
notify the user that the profile was changed .
parse a string . this is a number , that can be parsed as a ascii number .
creates a new header from a buffer . the name of the header will be parsed immediately , the value only if it is accessed .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
makes a date string in the given from a date
execute a chat command with a failure from the server .
checks the response code .
adds a new resource source before the others . might be used by plugins etc .
commits changes in the two sub - panels .
connect to the connected at this location , determines whether there is an item which is connected to this item . returns false , if this item is already connected to the target connected .
called from the completion when the task is triggered
add " allvaluesfrom c " information , and tell c to point back here .
edit a property and call it to edit
create a point which encodes with point compression .
serializes a xml document into a string - encoded in utf8 format , with platform line separators .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
is the buffer available ?
return the area of triangle abc . the method used is about twice as expensive as girard ' s formula , but it is numerically stable for both large and very small triangles . the points do not need to be normalized . the area is always positive . the
nonsymmetric reduction from hessenberg to real schur form . < p / > this is derived from the algol procedure hqr2 , by martin and wilkinson , handbook for auto . comp . , vol . ii - linear algebra , and the corresponding fortran subroutine in eispack .
two transactions read a value and replace it
casts a list to array object remove empty elements
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element .
xxx : issue is a better cluster .
tostring contains tostrings of elements
finds price from the current element .
tests whether tasks are able to access and modify data safely by emulating transactions by calling activatetx and deactivatetx directly .
create a new pdfarray .
constructs a list of ip addresses from a string . each element in the collection is created .
display the authenticated pilot ' s profile
a callback to initialize events .
update list of product - product
checks if there ' s any dependencies of the module .
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
deserialize a step from a list of steps .
appends the parameter type at the given parameter .
adds a clause and catch clauses .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
unlocks the given key and puts the given uid .
fetches a range from the start and end indices
this method will check if a given schema has been created .
remove all elements from the list .
create a new tile store object .
returns a comparable value for a qualifier . < p / > this method takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers then unknown qualifiers with lexical ordering . < p / > just returning an integer with the index here is faster , but requires a lot of if
returns true if this objects chainwork is higher than the others .
evaluate js script ( function or statement )
throws an exception if the given character is not null .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs " .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp , if needed and if possible ( if the database support such a feature )
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
displays a log with the given class loader .
parses the messages into a log file .
stop the progress timer .
this method will be used to add new row
decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored .
the method that implements a local frame representation .
schemewalk is called by path for a scheme lookup like file : / tmp / foo
return if mime type is image
create a new message with a specified parent .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
sets the matrix to pixels matrix .
removes the attribute value from the attribute .
snapshots the camera position by calling the camera methods of the activity
parses an exception that receives a command line .
rotates the given image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
update the changed display changed record changed - only .
sets name and attributes
display a calendar based on a particular item date .
creates a line of a string from the specified location .
trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
closes any opened files and release any resources used by this b - tree . any pending changes will be synchronized to disk before closing . once the b - tree has been closed , it can no longer be used .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name
subtracts the specified number of droidflakes .
process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
returns true if service type does not require resource name .
the main entry point .
macro : round : parses s , adds v u , fmts
create an authoritykeyidentifier using the passed in certificate ' s public key , issuer and serial number .
return a jar file that contains the given jar file .
remove all woven advice .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
the graphical representation of a path .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts , int offset , int length ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
creates a new instance of the logging .
determines if a character is a letter . synonym for ' character . isdigit ( this ) ' .
call the visitors for the function arguments .
returns a link for the given label .
determines whether the expression is a string .
destroys the class loader .
creates a file part of this file .
reads a fixed type id value .
processes a request to play a media file .
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator . the list needs to be already sorted according to the comparator passed . searching in an unsorted array has an undefined result . it ' s also undefined which element is found
finish the xml document .
check which elements are valid to appear at this point .
remove a region entry from this collection .
create a hash cache .
marshall an enum value .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
initialize the event handler .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
computes the window naf ( non - adjacent form ) of an integer .
creates a collection of rules from the collection of rules .
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
fills vector with random double values in the range [ min , max )
this method will be used to get the hascode , this will be used to the index for inserting arraywrapper object as a key in map
gets the stop animation for a signal
check if name is equal to a given name .
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer . this method is typically called from within the draw ( ) method .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
construct a vpf layer .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
check if the connection is closed
convert from two color space to rgb .
shuts down the executor service .
indicates whether this pool is unused . a pool is unused if there is neither an entry nor a waiting thread . all entries count , not only the free but also the allocated ones .
this method performs a directory on the current directory to a ftp host .
remove all the column in the database .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
refills the input buffer .
performs a search query .
writes the tail of the list to the stream .
return a list of element objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
returns a required number of random bytes . < br > the method overrides " enginegenerateseed ( int ) " in class securerandomspi . < br >
returns the tip text for this property
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
this method calls proc the job and fetches a list of job jobs .
cast a byte array to a binary value
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
it opens a file input stream
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the caret .
get the instance of this detector .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests non numeric fields fail , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . may be an optional feature . not supported .
a ' streamless ' version of encode that simply takes a buffer of bytes and returns a string containing the encoded buffer .
checks a stack frame value .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
push a device to the device .
parse the same id from the uri string , using the same identifier .
mark the location as in use .
algorithm for 2d matrix .
read a string of a memory .
shifts right an array of integers . total shift distance in bits is intcount * 32 + count .
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
this method removes a turn member
prints a buffer to the output stream .
parse a string value to a calendar
returns true if any method in the group contains method .
retains only the characters in a given string that were selected .
deletes an http connection
find the index of the element that is larger than x .
for removing nodes that allow the schedule and schedule the schedule and this schedule
test whether two relation agree .
verb suffixes . search for the longest among the following suffixes in rv , and if so , delete .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
take a list of patches and return a textual representation .
closes a new precedence level . emit a ` ( ' if new precedence level is less than precedence level so far .
this method validates the sort size
finish the essentially native used for testing .
deletes the panel at the specified position .
perform an asynchronous average operation
returns the next token in the distribution .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
obtains a description of this route .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
creates a model xml file .
method to delete the movie statistics
add a single part to the body .
terminate the fsync service and wait for all the tasks to complete . if it is already terminated
finds a location at the specified location .
computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won ' t exceed max acceptable opengl texture size . < br / > we can ' t create bitmap in memory with size exceed max texture size ( usually this is 2048x2048 ) so this method calculate minimal
creates the main split pane .
clean - cumulative version for chain .
check whether the user is allowed to load the give transaction .
checks , if the entity is a valid position .
construct a new windowsdirectory dialog .
add subtree element to xml document .
reads string from given input stream and returns it as a string .
splits a remote branch branch name into a remote branch name .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
encrypts the given output stream using a cipher .
pads the string with the given character until it has the given length . if original is longer than the given length , returns original .
checks whether we should select a view for swiping .
reload the matrix to the center of the recyclerview .
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
resets the iv to its original value . this is used when dofinal is called in the cipher class , so that the cipher can be reused ( with its original iv ) .
multiply two matrix using the absolute value of the axis .
shuts down the session .
stringifies an ipv4 or v6 address with subnet mask .
creates a new action object .
convert hex string to byte [ ]
writes a string to the output stream .
creates all permissions given permissions object .
add the number of endpoints for the passed in network .
print a message to the output stream .
blocks until a chunk of the given size can be made from the stream , or eof is reached . calls read ( ) repeatedly in case the given stream implementation doesn ' t completely fill the given buffer in one read ( ) call .
user runs a query and counts facets .
reverses the rename code of the given properties .
if at runtime , when the qname of the attribute is known , another prefix is specified for the attribute , then we can patch or hack the name with this method . for a qname of the form " ns ? : otherprefix : name " , this function
this method is used to parse a tag into an element list .
creates an xml element representing the stylesheet .
hard reset the info generator .
rotate vector counter - clockwise in x - y by an angle .
create connection to the mqtt disconnect / contents .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
returns an array of header / value pairs from the response header .
parses the comma - separated list of recommended fields .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
below method will be called if the root is not clickable
add a start and end position to the end of the buffer
resets the alpha state of the model .
reload the document in the document .
draws a polygon for the given parameters .
checks if is static .
return the number of requests that have already been executed .
return a key as a string .
initializes the logging for the component .
fills the list from pos down to the end of the list view .
removes a default value from the set of default values .
returns the modifier for the specified key binding description .
test that cache would be started .
this method merges a signatures signature algorithm to the two signature of a given signature .
returns a hashcode for this instance .
creates new grid exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
wait for the " void " packet . this method returns true if the argument is terminated .
add an option to the command line that is not already released
pause getting sensors data .
propertychangelistener method , to listen for the source map ' s background changes . act on if necessary .
add a frame to the section animation .
scans a set of classes .
get the text in the cdata block .
checks if a player can be accessed by the player
expand a rectangle by the given amount .
converts a given string into a datagram packet .
returns a string representation of this grid object .
assigns the objects in the specified cluster .
accumulate the tree from the subtree .
returns true if the implementation is initialized .
unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
return the string representation of this object .
check if camera preview size is not in camera camera
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
append a string , separate by space if not empty .
encode the input stream to a string .
lookup table for all tables in this schema .
returns the number of milliseconds .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
tests whether the given character is a boundary boundary string .
execute the supplied operation using the primary , blocking until a primary is available . whenever the operation stops ( e . g . , if the primary is no longer primary ) , then restart the operation using the current primary .
writes a portion of an array of characters .
creates a table from the given parent component .
returns the type string for the given string type .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
this method determines which menu items get to be ' action items ' that will appear in an action bar and which items should be ' overflow items ' in a secondary menu . the rules are as follows : < p > items are considered for inclusion in the
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme . if the missing values cause an exception to be thrown by the scheme , this will be recorded .
disables all buttons in the button
load artifact at path with a custom artifactid
fair version of tryacquire . don ' t grant access unless recursive call or no waiters or is first .
check if the header is end of the header .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
set up the count down timer
creates a new dviewextensions dialog .
adds a new point to the end of this point .
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
verifies the passed auth request .
generate a report for this report .
update the text controls .
gets cache map by id .
stops the listener thread and unbinds the address .
decode the data with the given key .
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
add a single quote to this block based on the position of pos .
creates an attack selection strategy .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - minimum pool size is 0 - maximum pool size is 16 - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
add a property change listener
writes the data for the given chunk .
get the event id for the specified event .
called once at initialization .
this method will read all the properties from file and load it into memory
syncs all quest related to the destination db .
prints this property list out to the specified output stream . this method is useful for debugging .
convert date in string format to date format
calculates md5 checksum for the given file
initialise the parameters generator .
is there a new record to the next record in the world for writing .
trim the list of extra size to be windows .
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
create an ascii representation of a position .
clears the cached networks .
returns a set of node containing this node and a set of keys .
run the specified task .
create the vm list .
use a port number on the port .
pop the current executing attribute set .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
associates the cache with the specified key from cache .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
remove model change listener
fire a change event to listeners .
creates a new connection for the specified database name .
execute a query . see bug = true if all records do not select
discovers an already created on the endpoint . this is an asynchronous call . currently this updates the end point ( topology ) information .
fully read the bytes of the specified stream .
draw all of the direct lines
adds a new astarnode to the queue unless it is already among the closed nodes , in which case it only updates the closed node with the new distance .
converts file object to a java . io . file name .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
creates a raster with a different width and height .
build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
execute a command in the runtime environment
updates the progress value .
create a new resource handler .
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
converts the given list of code to api class
creates a new temporary directory in the default temporary file location .
convert a partition to a string
scipio : returns true only if the category id is a category . < p > note : this is caching
input an instance for filtering . ordinarily the instance is processed and made available for output immediately . some filters require all instances be read before producing output .
returns a list of all tables in the given collection .
add a resource location to the project .
signal the received event .
tests if this object is equal to another .
is the service connected node
main scheduling implementation of the scan
requests that the stop stop stops .
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( string host , int port ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
joins 2 arrays together , if any array is null or empty then other array will be retuned without coping anything .
splits a string of paths into the original path urls .
return the best parse report for the given issue
begin the end of the graph
adds a job to the job queue .
reset the parser with a new latex expression
adds a constant .
add full chart data .
returns ( c4 . 5 - type ) information gain for the generated split .
writes the rule to the stream .
removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . if the property was a part of this bundle , it returns true to indicate that it was , in fact , canceled . this is an indication to the caller that a cancellation actually occurred
de - serialize an object using the java serialization mechanisms .
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit
shows a neuron using a neuron .
encrypt 16 bytes ( encryption )
returns true if the two classes have changed , false otherwise .
ask the application ' s main window .
replaces & lt ; & lt ; destroy & gt ; destroy & lt ; ' & lt ; '
create a new network action .
validates an image from the url .
this method is the updated version of the updated list .
check if word contains an email address
adds a new line to this directededgestar .
parses an application xml file .
create a new connection to a socket that is connected to a peer .
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
return the extension as a string .
adds the given topic to the subscription store - used for topic to subscription matching .
zips the given location file
generates a hashmap for storing expanded state when activity is rotated or onresume ( ) is called .
add audio audio listener
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
create the extension from the passed der encoded value .
construct a new java environment .
format method for the o conversion character and long argument . for o format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . the ' # ' flag
registers callback object with the given callback .
removes all blocks from the text area . this method is called when all blocks are removed from the swing group .
writes string to file .
tests whether an operand is a specialized function of a given tree .
called by the picker for updating the header display .
utility method to compute a list of radius r
add an action to the list .
read the fixed data from the input stream .
obtains the url of the specified class file .
avoid unique id into a unique id .
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in a populated srdf group .
get timestamp window size in bytes
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
for printing indices in a given point list .
receive notification of a recoverable xslt processing error .
get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target .
create a unionpathiterator object , including creation of location path iterators from the opcode list , and call back into the compiler to create predicate expressions .
runs the given zip file .
reads a record in the database . any field / value pairs in the specified values hashmap will be written into the record with the specified record key , overwriting any existing values with the same field name .
tell the user of an error message .
constant - time spookyhash 4 - word - state hashing reusing precomputed state partially .
determines if there are more tags to read .
adds an issuer to the criterion for the issuer distinguished names . < p > the crl issuer must match at least one of the specified distinguished names .
build the string required for an sql select statement : where key in ( ? , ? , . . . , ? ) without ' where ' and with selectioncount ' ? '
filter collection of map nodes to cache with existing name .
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
runs the test case .
assumes that the absolute value is in absolute form .
removes the audio audio processor queue from the provided processor queue .
creates a list of all possible variants and suffix .
takes care of a string .
notify listeners that a task was started .
non - dom : check for valid xml characters as per the xml version
throw the exception with the specified method .
uploads properties from the repository .
escapes bytes in the format used in protocol buffer text format , which is the same as the format used for c string literals . all bytes that are not printable 7 - bit ascii characters are escaped , as well as backslash , single - quote , and double
load the phrase bytes from the given apk .
get an array of types for an array of objects
counts the number of distinct transactions in this document
adds an xml tree to an existing child node
skips spaces in the given string .
update the last change time
return the sample ' s selection status for the given operation
reads x509certificate object from given stream .
implementation of the interface .
associate the given value with the specified key .
renames a change in the table .
handle the result of reading last add confirmed .
add a new boolean to the vector .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
apply the layout to the layout .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
the nice value ( see setpriority ( 2 ) ) , a value in the range 19 ( low priority ) to - 20 ( high priority ) .
returns the size of clearance matrix
finds static method that is accessible to be accessible from public class .
helper http function to get list of my service cards based on keyword
attach a new phone to this user
convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs in the matching string .
compares two methods by return true if a methods are equal .
returns the marker segment in the marker segment list .
open a string from a reader
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current publishermerge instance .
publish / send a message to an endpoint .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
verifies that the scheme contains a valid uri
create the extension from its der encoded value .
generates monthly periods for the whole year in which the given period ' s startdate exists .
creates a normal key generator using the provided key .
check for change events
parse a server response into a json object . this is a basic implementation using org . json . jsonobject representation . more sophisticated applications may wish to do their own parsing . the parsed json is checked for a variety of error fields and a facebookexception is thrown if
loads version information from the url .
find a page of author using query by example .
add a static view to appear at the start of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
add a string to the start of the queue .
check if the socket can be read from the database .
asynchronously consume a publisher with no subscribers returns lag 0
set the parent node . for an extension function , we also need to set the parent node for all argument expressions .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
returns true if this charset is known to be registered in the iana charset registry .
adds the constant type constant for the given type .
prints the full usage information .
asserts that the actual pivotfield is equal to one of the expected value .
instantiates a new spider svn parser .
flush any buffered messages .
adds the given entities to the list of potential places .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
returns true if queue is empty .
java . security . arrays # initialize ( java . lang . int , java . security . int )
read entries from the store
get the number of host initiators in a given map .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
processes the given metadata from the database .
emits the start of an element using the given namespace . if a new element is added to the stack , will be returned immediately so that it does not hold a new namespace onto the stack .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
prints this exception ' s stack trace to a print writer . if this exception has a root exception ; the stack trace of the root exception is printed to the print writer instead .
converts the specified data flavor to the corresponding array .
test for correct error handling for a choice that has no icon element .
translates the attribute payload
returns the next index in the list .
set the current values of all fields .
checks security servers for security checks .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
convert arrays of arrays into byte array
adds an index type definition statement .
sets the password to be stored for the first key store .
instantiates a new zookeeper zookeeper .
create a regular expression that is used to build a centered context .
indicate that the debugging supports system resources used by this instance .
removes the specified minimum and its associated value from the given subtree .
resets all counters to 0 .
writes the configuration from the given file .
creates a map from the given type which is a directly to the target of type .
update the last point on the screen .
compares this object with the specified object for order .
bind a property to a topping , corresponding to the given listener value .
remove a column from this table
writes a log entry .
closes the connection closed .
creates a new instance of the bayes estimator wrapper .
remove an actionlistener for events .
send a fatal error log message
checks whether the given literal is a literal character .
generate a granularity instance based on a path element .
creates a new instance of the default locale .
close leaf if it is leaf .
pushes a new file onto the server stack .
processes a processing item .
resize the array to the new size
split uint8 to 2 bytes of high byte and low byte . e . g . 20 = 0x14 should be split to [ 0x01 , 0x04 ] 0x01 is high byte and 0x04 is low byte
pretty printing accumulator function for shorts
init the contents of a given directory ( doesn ' t be searched ) .
removes the specified bandwidth type .
exit with a process success code .
get current time may override to implement a different timer ( cpu time , etc ) .
remove leading slash and backward information
creates a list of all possible variants and suffix .
sets the javadoc for the class .
extract properties from a source file
removes the last element of this stack .
ensures that the specified component is visible .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
ends the current parsing state .
creates a pie instance for the specified number formatter .
split charsequence into two charsequence .
creates a new timer with the specified callback .
read a tuple from the input stream .
adds a double and a string . if the double represents an integer tries to add it without trailing ' . 0 ' . if both are missing , then the result is missing ; if one is missing , it is ignored . if the double is infinite ,
removes the property change listener .
load the values for this step from an xml node
returns a signature for the array .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
generates the instructions to cast a numerical value from one type to another .
adds the given group name to the list of trigger names .
reads a utf - 8 encoded string . since ascii is a subset of utf - 8 , this method may be used to read strings that are known to be ascii - only .
clear the list of temporary files .
reads compressed data from file and returns it .
completed submit ( runnable , result ) returns result
shrinks an area by the amount of space represented by this object .
makes sure a query is properly correctly set .
builds the absolute stats .
used to execute this plugin tool .
serializes a string to a file .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check if the specified field is a partition tag field
arranges the blocks in the container with a fixed width and no height constraint .
executes a method on the proxy .
lookup the index of a substring within the given string .
if the integer is equal to the k - 1 , return the index of the operation .
send string to channel .
handle a key typed event . this inserts the key into the text area .
fill map with names ( from 0 . 5 . )
verifies that fields have legal values .
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program , using pre - encoded signatures . optionally , appends the script program bytes if spending a p2sh output .
deletes the instances at the given positions
adds the listener as a listener of the specified type .
calculates a bounding box of uniform segments .
tests if the given base date is strictly between the given start date and end date .
adds a listener to the set of listeners for this delay .
converts the provided string list to a string array .
builds the tooltip text for html output .
writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
creates a new client request
receive notification of character data .
appends an attribute value .
the default answer for the type of the certificate chain .
adds the given element to the top level .
run a sql statement using given sql statement and sql statement .
writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
adds a resource index entry
adds sibling information about the node .
deletes the specified range from a list of start addresses .
create a new eventtype if all class of the given name is fully qualified .
reverses ongoing state
check if security auth security manager is set to true .
read an entity declaration . the value of internal entities are inline : < ! entity foo " bar " > the values of external entities must be retrieved by url or path : < ! entity foo system " http : / / host / file " > <
add a field with the specified value .
deletes the storage if it is open .
computes the advanced request that creates a new request .
visits the error statement to a different ast
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns a new example
load a binary file
delete luns from the lun group
remove all duplicate devices that are currently registered .
are the selected item at the choice set ?
adds a new ongoing operation to the keybinds list .
returns a new provider for the specified provider .
attempts to cas - decrement the workercount field of ctl .
iteratively convert http requests to http requests
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
create a new route using the map and filter for it .
create an endpoint from the specified port .
tests fix for bug # 23304 - dbmd using " table " .
amount of time that this process has been scheduled in kernel mode , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) . this includes guest time , guest_time ( time spent running a virtual cpu , see below ) , so that applications that are not
construct a program rewriter for a given rewrite which is passed from outside .
creates the settings dialog .
writes a string to an output stream
check to see if a string is a valid name according to [ 5 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
creates a list of file names .
parses all values out of the sensor data directory .
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a full buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied outputstream . a new thread is started , so this method will return immediately .
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
computes log likelihood of an entire clustering . version as used by zhao et al .
returns a list of all classes in the given list .
called by various controllers to send packets discovery .
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
trim all modified entries .
determines if the select account is select .
sorts the specified range of the array using the given algorithm
flips the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
whether audit is enable ? defaults to true .
returns true if the request is of the " content - type " request .
reads segments to the segments .
project a " seconds " where the last one is the day of seconds .
below method will be used to update the min or max value by removing the length from it
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
checks if the types have a type , from which the same key may be used as if it does not have 8 / types .
desirialize a struct object
create and parse allowable options
this method concatenates two byte arrays
initializes an input stream from a file .
creates an instance of extendeddismaxconfiguration . it will contain all the necessary parameters to parse the query
writes a full value to the database .
compute the maximum y value for a given scale
adds a listener for this item focus
add a listener for mode changes
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a mosaic levy .
returns the index of the largest value in an array of numbers .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
given a predicate in a predicate , returns an unmodifiable that predicate .
add margintop to simulate set fitssystemwindow false
converts a hex string to bytes .
sends data to the device on this connection .
fetch the schema from the registry .
appends the string representation of the double array to this builder .
returns the content of the given array .
read the partitions file as partitions .
returns whether or not the given interval is less than the current position .
add a slide to the intro
draw a line onto the array , using the classic bresenham algorithm .
performs some processing on the given item .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
pushes the given value onto the stack .
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits )
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document . d : \ j2sdk1 . 4 . 0 \ docs \ guide \ intl \ encoding . doc . html
cast a object to a long object ( reference type )
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
called before the main action is displayed .
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value
stop the bridge server .
ping data from received if there are no more than one thread
finds a literal result .
resets the component area .
function creates a comma - word list con
test the ability to catch an speed count .
runs the test case .
add a codebase to this manager
return an iterator over all nodes in this node that are children of a given node .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
creates a new folder in the current directory with the name create_directory_name .
p - empirical prior .
setup and run a test .
always returns 0 , exception tests fail no positive test case for black - box test possible : no default value indicated . not supported
make a prettyprinted json text of an object .
checks if the given annotation is a uniform annotation .
message processing test , no signature
adds the given classpath entry to the merge path .
load locks for the supplied user .
make a new instance of 100
finds all classes in the given uri .
determines whether or not a value is of slavo - germanic orgin . a value is of slavo - germanic origin if it contians any of ' w ' , ' k ' , ' cz ' , or ' witz ' .
moves the items to a merged inventory .
responsible for generating the animations that moves the tabs back in from discard attempt or commit the current discard ( if any ) . it also re - even the tabs if one of then is removed .
returns the formatted value .
a locale independent version of tolowercase .
runs the specified task .
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
registers the transform to the list of properties .
terminate this entire set of coroutines . the others will be deregistered and have exceptions thrown at them . note that this is intended as a panic - shutdown operation ; under normal circumstances a coroutine should always end with co_exit_to ( ) in order to politely inform at least
shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary . this method involves copying the data once !
creates a new logical and enables auto how the provided sub - conditions .
discard any allocations that hold data prior to the specified absolute position , returning them to the allocator .
create new hop given host , port and transport .
updates the enabled state of the connection .
writes a message to the specified outputstream .
process messages to the incoming message
computes a number of credentials / keys assigned to the batch request and random keys in the batch .
check if the set of additional measure names
method to compare all the object classes in the set with the specfied object class . will do a case insensitive comparision .
writes an int field value .
help method for computing x , y , and z values .
timed wait for a response to a pending operation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
close a closeable without throwing an exception .
appends a data file to the file .
notify listeners that list has been changed
convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress .
opens the connection to the server .
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key . note that a cleared reference under a key is treated in exactly the same manner as if there were no entry under the key ( the entry under the key is replaced
determine the common suffix of two strings
close the given listener
start the publishing monitor thread itself .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
set the default frame .
scale the current scale , and sets the image size .
verifies that the deserialized field values for this error descriptor are valid .
converts the passed in camel zone to lower case .
decodes base64 data into octects
sorts the source tree from full copies into a target block
gets and removes the head of the queue .
instantiates a new singlescrapeaction .
creates a new rmi registry for a given port .
read from monitored file , report any changed values to the supplied handler . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
resets internal state to the initial state .
adds whitespace to the output .
handles duplicate request handler request .
returns true if the time has been canceled .
makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame .
returns an array of " key = value " strings containing information not otherwise easily available , such as # defined library versions .
handles the query that receives data done by the query .
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
make a list of nearest neighbors .
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio . flip ( switch a 0 to 1 or 1 to 0 ) for a random bit in a bit vector . return the hastings ratio which makes all subsets of vectors with the same number of 1 bits equiprobable .
tear down after testing .
chart must be called
initialize ( or re - initialize ) this iterator .
returns an ( weighted ) one of the epoch , in an epoch specific form this way returns an instance of a custom one day .
the function convert_transverse_mercator_to_geodetic converts transverse mercator projection ( easting and northing ) coordinates to geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates , according to the current ellipsoid and transverse mercator projection parameters . if any errors occur , the error code ( s ) are returned by the function ,
checks that cache is empty .
virtualized support for map . get ( ) ; overridden in subclasses .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
store elements processing instance .
adds a language limit to the query
returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
adds a user to the underlying repository . if the user doesn ' t exist , returns ok .
blocks enabled for a multiplication .
registers the specified network event .
add to - be - reconciled flow to the queue .
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
creates a new jar file
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided int value .
expect a server proxy failure with the given result .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
removes the element associated with the key .
recalculates the storage cluster based on the current attributes .
returns true , if this triangle node is empty , and false otherwise .
inserts column at given position .
returns the index of string s in the reply
calculates the number of sentences based on the current prediction .
load the client command from the given source .
invokes a closure for a given class with the given name and arguments .
computes the entropy of one column ( between 0 and 1 )
add client to server .
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
method that adds the export snapshot step for a single volume
inference by gibbs sampling .
removes a group from this language .
report version info from sax interfaces . currently distinguishes between sax 2 , sax 2 . 0beta2 , sax1 , and not found .
test the compiler with the loaded context if needed
adjust min / pref size for columns ( or rows ) that has components that spans multiple columns ( or rows ) .
dumps hex output to a byte buffer . outputs the hex value is formatted as a hex string and appends it to the output .
parse the text file
escape sequence counters defined in the input sequence .
gets the network parameters for the supplied id .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
stores the body of this item into the specified output stream .
find the origin point a given point on the side of the given target side .
helper method used to append whitespace characters to the end of each rendered element .
clears the resource index in the list
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions
generates the last 365 days where the last one is the day of the given date .
gets the set of labels required at the time of matching the vertex in a cypher match pattern . this implementation returns a single label if partition contains a single label , otherwise an empty set ( predicate required to match vertices ) .
removes all summary related sections
adds a new category to the category list .
callnonvirtualintmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability
make a dark color to ripple effect
unit test for saving a movie string [ ] - product ]
cache a client ' s internal id keyed by client id
processes an entity . the opening method is called before an entity .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member .
implements that top - level image single task submission that is defined by the imageconsumer interface .
get field of dialog
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
given ( i . e . , convert it to lowercase )
checks if a response message contains a body .
updates the actions in the workspace .
closes this audio input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .
return true if a strong can be a valid number , false otherwise .
checks if cache is still running
return a histogram that controls whether or not the histogram is empty .
creates a new unmanagedvolume .
appends path to end of the file .
returns the index of the given value .
completed submit ( callable ) throws nullpointerexception
read a signed 16 bit value
true iff there is a granted group .
add a preprocessor directive like # define , # extension , # version etc .
format a date according to our stored formatter .
remove all items from this entity
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key . ? s < key > ? value
adds an attribute to the config
copies all bytes in given inputstream to the output stream .
prints the members of the given type , if any .
initialize the variable stack data structure .
processes the given event .
find free space on the windows platform using the ' dir ' command .
attach the header to a list of headers .
get the text from a method
stop the exit exit
gets the state of a rounded state .
returns a hashcode for the specified object .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
asserts that the actual pivotfield matches the expected criteria
returns a string representation of this object
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
iterates over the file tree of a directory . it receives a visitor and will call its methods for each file in the directory . previsitdirectory ( directory ) visitfile ( file ) - recursively the same for every subdirectory postvisitdirectory ( directory )
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
highlights all the text in the passed text .
reads next variable length block from input .
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array .
get the mqtt topic for a command .
throws an exception if the given argument is null .
run a download on the given url .
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that " setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method supplements its argument to current seed rather than replaces current seed
flips the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
creates a filter for the given dictionary
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
return a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with spaces . if str is already longer than totalchars , it is returned unchanged .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
returns the hash code value for this edipartyname .
constructs a new millisecond with the given charset .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
checks if is cell editable .
checks if a data is valid or not .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
add the priority information to the priority queue .
action to be performed
verify that the certificate x . 509 certificate is valid .
expands internal representation of the specified type .
constructs new audio capabilities based on a set of supported encodings and a maximum channel count .
returns true if the edge axis is the same as the other edge in the graph .
creates the extension response code .
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values .
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
deletes a set of server instances .
write to the buffer
sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
report a fatal xslt processing error .
add a terminal to the set of terminal .
creates a unix path for the given file .
stops the recording of the wrapper .
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
returns the hash code value for this timestamp . the hash code is generated using the date and time of the timestamp and the tsa ' s certificate path .
get type variable for the given type node .
validates the authentication credentials .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
adds an element to the select clause .
remove listener for pv changes
compute the exact maximum sphere of a vector
load properties from a properties file .
returns the gamma function of the argument .
displays progress bar start the progress bar
parse a repository expression .
closes this reader . this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads waiting to read or write .
adds an entry to the list of sections .
load a genome relationships file
generate an integer version number .
executes the algorithm , producing ( at least ) a result workbench . must be implemented in the extending class .
return true if a and b are equal if any of the two double values are nan .
load javascript data from javascript files .
split a line in two line .
creates the blockobject volume data .
hash object to map .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
delete sms from all contacts
determines whether each block is on a given block .
check if error state is enabled .
split implementation of pages by pages .
validates the auth authentication scheme .
given a string describing a term that can be used in a method i . e . a runtime exception is thrown .
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
creates a rounded gradient from its colours darkened .
returns a list of all possible matches in a pattern .
deletes storage server stat info of the group
creates a node that receives routed objects from the network can only connect to one other node
asserts that each member of the source tree had the expected state .
user adds a module that may represent a list of modules give modules and uri .
writes the bitmap to the local file as a plain string .
parse the sentence text , create a new sentence
replace the old child with a new child .
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
flushes the internal buffer , but leaves the internal buffer alone .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
adds a list of entry to the db .
updates the position of the current position to the new slide .
flush the writer to the writer
construct a video stream from one of the strings obtained from the " url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " parameter if the video_info
compares two strings lexicographically .
flushes the underlying stream , but leaves the internal buffer alone .
starts a daemon thread .
evaluates all entities of the given class .
constructs a new wrapper to collect runtime dynamics .
remove a service provider .
sets the first minute to the current time .
update the x - data .
writes an float field value .
decode the encoded data through the supplied array .
converts a string array to an array of strings .
return a path for a scroll bar button . this is used when the buttons are placed apart at opposite ends of the scroll bar . this is a common shape that is transformed to the appropriate button .
removes all views from this adapter .
is there a word owner ?
converts an error in the source file to destination directory .
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number .
add notification item notification .
returns true if the attribute cache is modified .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
gets collection of methods for given class .
run a query searched in a different application instance
computes a random sample of the given dbids .
draws a message with a size of the message size .
grab the method signature
removes a listener from the set of listeners
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
this method will dispatch events from a single track
add a new value to the array map .
reset the candidate parser settings , making each parser equally likely .
redefine this extendedtype object to represent a different extended type . this is intended to be used only on the hashet object . using it elsewhere will mess up existing hashtable entries !
writes a long to the specified position .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
workflow step method for removing all the volumes .
move to the next frame .
adds wheel changing listener
asset / creates routing .
see the general contract of the readint method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
test meta data functions : return result set .
attempts to create a log instance for the given category name . follows the discovery process described in the class javadoc .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied uri and branch values .
provides a short description of this record .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
part of the json api . creates a new user response .
resolves the given function .
returns true if the specified character is a valid name according to [ 5 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
constructs a list of tls connections .
determines if the specified character is a valid range of characters .
returns a hash code value for this object .
create a command handler .
tells whether a given type is a float
responds to the scroll bar .
construct a line argument .
removes the object at the specified location from this list .
removes the given model from the container .
read the map from the file .
returns ln ( p + log10 ) for a given distribution .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
follows changes in the file , calling the tailerlistener ' s handle method for each new line .
with child view to processing move events
tests if the given local curve are still equal .
add region to the region
reset the tree greyness in the tree
assert a throwable type and implement more assertions in a consumer
returns true if this model contains no nodes .
asserts that a boolean value is true .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
construct a key - value mapping .
internal use to initialize the mailet .
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sorts the given file with such sort order .
add directory to scan for saves avatars
returns an immutable map containing the same key as the specified value .
process properties from property file .
adds an idrepo plugin to the service plugin .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
reacts to a key in pin .
checks if is string .
paints a portion of a highlight .
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . this called by pipedwriter . write ( ) when writes occur . < p > if the buffer is full and the thread sending # receive is interrupted , the interruptedioexception will be thrown .
converts a buffer to a bytebuffer with boundary constraints .
implements outputstream . write ( int ) in terms of outputstream . write ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . outputstream assumes that you implement outputstream . write ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
processes a " uri " prefix files .
generates an utterance for announcing screen on and screen off .
calculate matrix for fit_center
resets the counter ' s current start time
read the next byte from the stream
runs the test case .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
addissuer ( x500principal issuer ) method testing . tests if crls with specified issuers match the selector , and if not specified issuer does not match the selector .
adds the tag transformation to this tag transformation .
this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not
return the next string in the iteration .
read a single file
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
checks if the passed in is present .
returns true if the string looks like a letter ( letter , tabs ) .
generate the text for script starting at the current time .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
returns the best parse for state " state " , potentially starting with a unary rule
parses attributes of the docuemnt element for this object .
calculates the distance between two given points in the plane .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
description of the method
pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it ' places ' long
creates and registers a new error code with the specified integer value .
adds all members of the input exception to this class .
set ups the initial prompt .
construct a resource loader that should be used by the ui thread .
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
creates a new project types from the given project types .
add notificationlistener to this mbean .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the second is longer .
try to consume all the messages currently in the queue .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
if checkdups is false , delete the service ( if present ) from servicebyattr under all attribute values of the given entry or from servicebyemptyattr if the entry has no attributes . if checkdups is true , only delete for a given attribute value if the service has no other
tests dsa algorithmparameters provider
checks if a class is an inner one .
loads the log file for the given license , if possible .
creates a new htmlstripcharfilter over the provided tags .
update the user by query
the likelihood of a tag in given document .
returns a description of the classifier .
query the mode flag .
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
add an item to the end of the list
determine if the messages received has the timing messages .
call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
convert a string representation of an image to an image
registers a set of channel names .
deletes a directory recursively .
display the keys in the script table .
deletes any empty folder from the db .
perform an asynchronous sum operation
write ( int b ) method testing . tests that method writes correct values to the underlying output stream .
parses a document input source .
determines if the passed volumes is a valid android volume .
tests fix for bug # 33734 - statement .
decodes the url safe string into the given string .
blocking wait for the next interval that is before being written .
a mapping vector is a vector of vectors of mappingobject objects .
compute the length of a dimension
writes an image map to an output stream .
adds a note message to the import type of this import set .
returns a string representation of the logout response .
returns a list with erasure nameableobject based on the given collection .
returns the minimum of the specified values according to this ordering . if there are multiple largest values , the first of those is returned .
reads a number of bytes from the specified buffer . if the requested position is present , it will return without blocking .
append a string onto the vector .
keeps stack from item
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ) .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
xor for zero and a negative number
call the specified callback when a ' rail ' receives a cancellation .
java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int , char )
add missing values to a dataset .
inserts the given in batches into the list of partitions
modifies the configuration object . creates the directory for the object and the attributes properties file with the given attributes .
removes a listener for when tabs are selected , reselected , or deselected
connect to the server uri .
add volumes to consistency group .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
convert the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
has the user chosen to export to pvk ?
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
creates a new number tick .
returns true if computefreshnesslifetime remember a cached response .
writes a message to the console .
add a message to the config .
returns true for a public class .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
convert a userpreference genericvalue to a userprefmap .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
appends an object to the end of the string buffer .
deletes the user from the database .
writes error occurred in a component .
removes all audio processor from the audio queue .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
returns the animation type or 0 if cannot be found .
append a string onto the vector .
check if a method is a method parameter .
delete a node from the graph . this update the underlying structure of the graph ( including dependencies ) via listeners updates .
responds to the update button
returns the output of this estimator .
checks whether the koml is present in the class path
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability . this version is for reading a bitmap from resource
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
returns number of batch batches
decodes an array of url safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
clears the internal recycle .
adds a dataset dynamically .
pass the call on to the underlying handler
create a libvlc withs options
adds a child to the display list at the specified index , bumping children at equal or greater indexes up one , and setting its parent to this container
calculate probability of data at descendants from node , given a color at the node ( ' partials ' ) , by a felsenstein - like pruning algorithm . ( first step in the color sampling algorithm ) side effect : updates nodepartials [ ] for this node and all
returns the minimum and maximum values for a given grid path .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
creates a time object from a given date - if the date is between 1950 and 2049 a utctime object is generated , otherwise a generalizedtime is used .
creates new dproviderinfo dialog where the parent is a frame .
return an automaton that accepts a dense color .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
adds a column to the key definition .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
checks to see if the namespace value is approximately valid .
fills the list with more than 3 bytes
open a stream to write to the file .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
closes this output stream and releases any exceptions .
takes a list of files and writes it as a " file of file names " ( i . e . a file with one filepath on each line ) to the destination file , overwriting the destination file if it exists . note the filepath used is the absolute
sets the " internal " flag on type ids which are defined in the dex file or within the vm ( e . g . primitive classes and arrays ) .
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle .
how much of the variance is explained by the regression
return the number of components of the tuple
append a character sequence to this writer .
return timestamp value of time in milliseconds .
consumes a single argument value .
copies the content of this buffer to the specified byte array .
import key into the wallet .
creates a new connection object tree .
check if the given reader contains a single character .
add a button pressed .
gets content from metatag
removes the given columns
reads the service if it ' s been enabled .
this will load the trigger ' s default values if the key is not in the preferences .
adds a types to the collection of types .
multiply histogram by scalar .
paint 3d representation to edge
adds all participants to the given group .
convert a map to json text . the result is a json object . if this map is also a jsonaware , jsonaware specific behaviours will be omitted at this top level .
prints the message and context .
returns the number of method invoked so far .
helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
saves the soap managenameid service .
get whether the intent is capable of view or not .
returns a handle denoting the class member identified by its scope .
converts a list of file ( s ) into a list of virtualfile ( s ) < p / >
ensures that the caller has permission ' convertermanager .
rate - get a rate payment date
performs interaction between client ' s httpsurlconnection and servers side ( serversocket ) . server will response with specified response code .
generates a unique engine id . the engine id unicity is based on the host ip address and port . the ip address is the localhost one . the creation algorithm uses the passed iana number .
parse a rule file .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
encrypts the schema returned by the superclass
add an issue during transformation . duplicate issues will be detected and stored only once . this is typically called by the specific transformation subclass .
inserts several nodes at ones . reindex is done onl once , after all children are added .
creates the ntlm hash of the user ' s password .
test if a value is between 0 and 1 - 10 .
substitutes parameter values with given name .
x . logequals ( ) calculates the power of each element of the target .
split a list of camel names to an array of strings .
use an xpath string to select a nodelist . xpath namespace prefixes are resolved from the namespacenode .
constructs a result file entry with the specified non - dominated population and auxiliary properties .
generates xml for bug element
create a new instance .
action to be performed
applies all properties to the parameter types .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s right child is the new root .
add a new node to the end of this node list .
checks if the root set exists in the filesystem .
returns a string containing all tokens in the given comma - separated list of all characters .
write a string without compression
parses the statistics ready for reading .
shuts down the executor service .
drawn a view to the specified point in screen coordinates .
called when connect is connect .
adds a descriptor to the list of descriptor .
returns true if the ip address is authorized to the third value .
compiles a progress in the xml environment .
returns a string with all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator .
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position
returns the number of the prameters included in the given descriptor .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
has denied permission boolean .
returns returns a key for all the col names , for better readability if the names got cut off .
creates a formatter for the specified locale . < p > this method provides access to the builder .
wait for external storage to external storage state .
append a node onto the vector .
uploads a local device to the device .
reads an input stream into a list of byte values .
uninstall package and clear data of app silent by root
open a list of audio track
adds the provided user friendly names .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
tests stepping backwards through a range with a closure .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
this method will check the digits before dot with the max precision allowed
deserialize api for debugging .
append given name / value pairs as query parameters to the base url < p / > the params argument is interpreted as a sequence of name / value pairs so the given number of params must be divisible by 2 .
sends an event to the socket .
applies the given filters to the given map .
returns the next revision information . ( does not contain the encoded diff )
add editor to parameterpanel alernative right / left depending on m_newrow . field value changes update editors
indexes the data values for the given field name for each tuple in the provided iterator . these values are used to construct an internal data structure allowing fast searches over these attributes . to index multiple fields , simply call this method multiple times with the desired field names
close outputstream without a exception
adds a new search listener to the internal list of listeners .
subclasses can override this to do the single attribute appear in the spec .
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
opens the associated editor application and opens a file for editing .
convert iso format to iso readable string format .
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
called before initial run
maps a byte array to map .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
invokes the wrapped producer method .
appends a name or a keyword if it does not already exist , if the name is already in the query .
adds an issue matcher for the given issue matcher .
find a scope in the class , if any any of scope is present .
applies a key to a given key
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
advances the iterator one step backwards .
sets up a drawing image .
determines whether a composite name is a prefix of this compound name . a composite name ' n ' is a prefix if it is equal to getprefix ( n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name starts with ' n ' .
used by unit tests
invokeany ( c ) returns result of some task in c if at least one completes
creates a new internal configuration file .
signs a hash using the standard bitcoin messaging algorithm .
creates time interval [ starttime , starttime + schedule ) .
create the edit menu .
removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
log the current state of the stack .
check if this is a animation
determine if the expression is a signed one .
parse a text representation of a json data structure .
the number of parts in this multipart body .
create a simple doublevector database from a file .
add filter for file filters .
when unbind service connections are being stopped .
finds the next string that is currently on the given index .
asigna el fondo al detalle de una busqueda de unidad documental
the neurons layer is the same as the source of the neurons in the neurons . it does not check to see if the layer is merged here . . .
shiftright ( int n ) , n < 0
calculates array of difference between two points .
finds the character at the given position in the string .
reads the next encoded content from the encoded input stream . the method must be used for reading a primitive encoded content .
create a primitive value .
convenience method that creates a new journal based on the amount of add transactions to the payment system
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer . < p > < p > bytes are read starting at this file ' s current position , and then the position is updated with the number of bytes actually read .
removes all the time of a calendar
returns the probability distribution function .
converts an integer to a string , and appends it to the given buffer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
draw the 12 text values at the positions specified by the textgrid parameters .
test de busqueda active directory
handle input key pressed event . add listeners directly to the inputbuffer
returns a hash code value for this object .
removes leading zeros from a string .
check if the passed in directory is required to be present in the configuration data set .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
calculate matrix for fit_center
removes labels from the label .
rotate theta degrees about the z axis
convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone .
perform an asynchronous max operation
create an empty client connection
creates an array signature from the given type .
prints the text to the output stream .
increases a buffer size .
handle re - handle the new instances .
determine whether it is loaded more
add a new worker only if there are no idle worker .
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node . leading nodes of already explored states are dropped . so the resulting node state will always be unexplored yet .
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded string .
creates a bitmap from the specified width and height . < p / > this function creates a font with the given width and height .
returns true if the storage pool is a default memory pool .
returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
retrieves a callable wrapping .
tokenizes the given string into string tokens .
adds a proxy selector to the proxy
adds given line to the header .
read the vocabulary file .
returns a set of substitutions
creates a vao for the scene .
returns true if the given file exists and is a string .
load up a char - based image from the given file .
deletes the given status
add an animation to the choreographer list
if discovery fails , then mark the system as unreachable . the discovery framework will remove the storage system from the database .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
initialize the list of words .
checks if a given string exists in the range .
removes all path and sub - resources .
this method will add the property for the property types .
remove column name from column list
check protection set exists in db
put string to byte [ ]
checks to see if the query matches the expected encoded string .
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function , returning the updated value . the function should be side - effect - free , since it may be re - applied when attempted updates fail due to contention among threads .
closes client opened when this activity is closed .
the method should return false if a service is ok to be a valid resource or if it will return false immediately .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
converts an array of arguments to a message , with arguments .
wrap content of the widget .
construct a new windowsdirectory for the existing location .
adds each value in the list to the axis .
recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations .
this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
returns the size of the values , in ascending order .
execute update based on the sql statement given
performs a normal distribution on the given text matrix .
ensures that the connection is established .
adds indices to the set of indices contained in the specified collection .
cookie if cookie header is cookie .
loads a serialized object from the given reader .
for the reduction of location path parts , create a list of all the multistep paths with more than one step , sorted by the number of steps , with the most steps occuring earlier in the list . if the list is only one member , don ' t
eliminates word length information for each channel .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ) . deletes all referencing rows and then updates referenced one
prune the exceptional out edges for each basic block in the ir .
compute a single iteration .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
remove the upload file
turns the given string into a original string .
parses a content type from the specified byte array .
non - dom level encoding
decode the base 64 encoded string data writing it to the given output stream , whitespace characters will be ignored .
set the last line to the last point on the line .
parses the output string .
write the content to the output stream .
add to actual min qty
java . util . arrays # wrap ( java . lang . myfieldname )
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
submits task to execution pool
print the stack trace for a sqlexception to stderr .
initializes the body body of x body .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din .
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that was removed from the list .
create edges for this demo graph
uses the pagination parameters to determine the request and determine if they are available for the given request and red
builds a single row of components in the panel .
adds additional target elements . if the user hovers over any of the target elements , the tooltip will appear .
given a path to the start of the path , change the path of that to the node , and ending coordinates ( if necessary ) . if no descendant is found , the start and ending of its path are added to the start of the path . if
divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative
metadata to write out .
it opens the counter binary file for writing
create a new compositepredicate .
read the next token from the stream .
generates the string representation of a given string .
determine if a file or directory exists .
build the dimensions for this dataset .
float value of a negative bigdecimal
replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
prevent initializing this class .
add an object to methodize
return the first child element returns the first element .
main method of the application .
returns the hashcode for the string .
tests the functionality of the method , which allows to add all helper text colors , which are contained by a collection .
applies max norm to the histogram .
adds a graphic to the overlay .
writes a string to a file .
returns a hashcode for the given color .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ) .
writes a input stream ' s contents .
called when the configuration screen has changed .
find out if the edge is a polygon from the polygon .
retrieve an keymap instance by its key .
verifies if the specified name is a legal method name , which is just a class name ( in the manifest , " _ " ) .
transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper , by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
removes the mapping from the specified key , if there was any .
called while highlighting a single string builder .
starts the stop timer .
returns a single row for a single row .
removes set of characters from string .
adds all columns referenced by columnindexes to the query as generated keys .
loads the token frequencies from the database .
copies all bytes from given input stream to the output stream . does not close or flush either stream .
check and lists the provided list of merged adapters .
unit test for verifying fix to [ jackson - 109 ] .
copies the component ' s ui to this instance
compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution . do this incrementally for a distribution that has n items now but used to have st items . use the zipfian constant theta . remember the new value of n so that if we change the itemcount , we ' ll
calculate how many minutes moving to the total amount is pending .
this loads the profile of the user
scrolls to the specified number of components , scrolling the scroll bar if necessary .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
determine if any of the characters that represents an identifier , just an operator , and when any of its nested , single quotes .
parse the commit file counter .
loads a xml document from a file .
returns a new comment for the node that should be used in the current link group .
refer the same api in assignment service
get a munger that only imports labels in some languages .
get all the checksum / archive specification from the given archive .
assigns the node to all child nodes for this node
close the current path and the beginning of the contour .
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
save selection & return selection query or " "
creates a modelmbeaninfosupport with the provided description .
cleans the execution of a task .
create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
return the host uri , as a string .
move the center of a latitude / longitude at a given latitude .
sends a events to the device .
handles header column whose header maps to the given point
creates a fixed records from the list of fixed records .
adds the given attributes to this parameters if they are not already present .
recompose the attribute - set declarations .
splits the given string using the given regex as delimiters . this method is the same as the string . split ( ) method ( except it throws the results in a list ) , and is included just to give a call that is parallel to the other static
deletes existing files and subdirectories under " dir " .
specialized version of find to get last valid node .
invoked to pass stream data . the data passed should not include the 3 byte start code .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
pans the view provided by this display in absolute ( i . e . item - space ) coordinates .
checks if the serialization of object , and throws illegalargumentexception .
returns the url of the product wiki page .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
compute the mean mean list .
convert a byte array to hexadecimal
initializes an input stream from a url .
enables metrics for one particular service
replace & amp ; characters with html entities
writes vector of opaque values
unlock user interface . called from the worker before processing
build a map of uri to cached storagesystem for the underlying arrays .
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits .
loads strongest wifi database .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
resets the editor for the kit .
actions a pull event
returns true if logout is secure .
updates the sample interval .
prepares tenant creates tenant for given tenant .
force a failure to the server .
draw in the color
create a new instance of an image using an image .
use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
parses a string option , uses default if option is missing .
are the lines in the two format
ensures that the external capacity can hold at least the specified number of elements , increasing its capacity if necessary .
detail all the methods in the supplied class hierarchy .
retrieves the final output stream .
locks the sun object
creates a statement interceptor to monitor query response times
given a resource , updates the response status
switches to the next email ( open ) user .
load a client object .
adds the named field property .
creates a new asn . 1 file descriptor .
further dynamic proxy settings as a string .
the graphical representation of a series .
sends a user to the server .
verifies that the classname is a valid class name
create a new minute
method to check if this job is for data
remove a set of breakpoints .
creates a template instance
reads the listeners from a stream .
adds the specified item to this list model . if the item already exists , the list model is unchanged .
using some super basic byte array & lt ; - & gt ; hex conversions so we don ' t have to rely on any large base64 libraries . can be overridden if you like !
create a new cluster definition .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
minimalstage . tocompletablefuture ( ) returns a completablefuture that is completed normally , with the same value , when source is .
write directory post resource post
trim the array to the required size .
construct a qualified class from the given name .
removes curlmesh from this renderer .
this method samples a list of pieces of sources .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
returns true if this periodicrunnable is closed .
insert a script into the script .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
add an instruction to the instructions .
ensures that this vector can hold the specified number of bytes to ensure the buffer is large enough .
removes the provided user friendly name .
reads the xml input into a collection .
add boundary by id
verifies whether a given connection exists in the database .
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators .
copies stream from an input stream to an output stream .
write headers , in the application which need to be written to the console .
parses a " " " code string " " " . this method requires that the first three characters have already been parsed .
generate code to push a class to the given output stream .
formats a string into an anchor component .
constructs a new jsonexception with the specified cause .
make sure we don ' t acceptable in a path given path
find all pattern names .
filters the directories contained in a directory .
adds the string representation for this text edit and its children to the given string buffer .
encode a double value to an output stream .
removes the specified cell from the model .
removes the given foreign key at the specified position .
inserts the string representation of the boolean argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
adds the given hex .
normalize the given path class .
create a sequence containing one object
compute the significant bit representation of a number .
append a node onto the vector .
generates a string converting a given type to the given element .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) . updates table using subquery in where clause todo foreign key functionality is not supported
this service is used to read historical values or events of one or more nodes .
validate syntax of valid uri .
sends the message to the end of the queue
returns the native address of the address .
an internal entity declaration .
does the given operation ?
returns the next object in the distribution .
use it if you need to add a multiple messages
/ posts . called from web - request
instantiates a new ldap entries .
returns whether the specified object equals to this instance .
simulates rolling a dice with 20 sides .
this function uses the jce to convert an inet4address to the first 8 - bit of rfc 2865 .
creates a new panel object .
returns the height at a specified index .
consumes all values on the stream .
calculates the distance ( or similarity ) between two instances . need to pass this returned distance later on to postprocess method to set it on correct scale . < br / > p . s . : please don ' t mix the use of this function with distance
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
query execution after the documents between two levels , creating a query .
adds the global statement to the global table .
debugging : dot representation of this graph
resize the tables passed by the array
returns true if there ' s another socket address to try .
converts a percentile at the given percentile level to the variable level .
queue name to queue database name .
determine if a particular id is accessible in the context type .
the angle in the x value that is required to move from the current touch point to the tangent .
bytes from an offset .
< rm > , asr # < shift_imm > operation : if shift_imm = = 0 then if rm [ 31 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = 0 shifter_carry_out = rm [ 31 ] else / / rm [ 31 ] = = 1 / shifter_operand = 0xffffffff shifter_carry_out
removes the leading quotes option if it exists
generates a label for the specified series .
returns true if the given path matches the given pattern .
updates the preferred dimensions of the input fields .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
constructs a new instance , based on a particular date / time and time zone .
prevent initializing this class .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) .
open pdf file with random data .
runs the jsr 308 type .
waits for ( by spinning ) to have the element transfered to another thread . the element is filled into an empty slot in the arena and spun on until it is transfered or a per - slot spin limit is reached . this search and wait strategy is repeated
constructs a list of one - dimensional signature given the number of entries .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
finds the end of the characters at the given position .
makes sure a query is properly correctly set .
pop the current executing attribute set .
calculate the 3d r matrix
print the new line .
convert a java date to it ' s julian equivalent .
remove the last element , if present .
write each of the parent ' s simple unqualified properties as an attribute . returns true if all of the properties are written as attributes .
computes the utility table for the query variable ( typically an action variable ) , assuming no additional evidence .
convert a list of floats to a hashmap object
sets the next image to the queue .
loading method . ( see nbt_tag )
returns the best list which has the best moved .
parse a string value to a calendar
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream .
check if this pool is initialized .
starts and activity to open the ' new account ' page in the owncloud web site
registers an added module .
trims a line and removes everything behind colon
returns the distance from two points
adds the instructions to the list of ofinstructions in the offlowmod . any pre - existing instruction of the same type is replaced with ofinstruction inst .
get an iterator over the elements in the order in which they are ordered .
verify that the given tenant is not in use in the permission api .
filter the circle points from the points
initialize the class with its environment loader .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
utility method to find a class to use , checking whether it has the given type .
converts a region file into an output stream
returns map containing the given entries .
write the characters from an array .
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
load voice from voice .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
add a new classifier listener
read a float32 float .
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .
copy the files in a directory to the destination folder .
converts an sql select clause to a form clause .
mark the passage of a particular block .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
configures the message label with the default background color .
removes all limitlines from the axis .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
removes all the elements from the stream .
draws the given lines as segments between all points of the given list of mxpoints .
set the position of the two rectangles in the given coordinate area . this is used to create an out of the area that can be used to find out of the view ' s and ask if it is not part of the image .
flushes all buffers for the internal buffer .
construct a new vector by adding additional components .
handle a bizarre special case . nested classes ( static classes declared inside another class ) that are protected have their access bit set to public in their class files to deal with some odd reflection situation . our svuid computation must do as the jvm does and ignore access
convert latitude to pixel value
world coordinates , assumes that the location is a series of size .
stores the specified register in a string .
remove a remote session from the list of remote session .
returns the string representation of this vector .
return an iterator over the child nodes .
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the config file and starting the metrics task .
creates a new instance of tls using the specified hashing key .
returns whether the string starts with the specified string .
write part of an array of bytes .
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
processes the provided logrecord change record .
prints a progress rows of the rows to the given print stream .
requests a remote object after serialization has been made . < p > note that this method is called from the remote server .
loads positions of all bounds in the database .
creates a toggle box icon .
creates a batch of input times .
save the encoded ( output ) buffer into the complete encoded recording . todo : copy directly ( without the intermediate byte array )
create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delays specify , when and how often the job should be triggered .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
stores given integer value . alignment aware .
create a split split model for the given input file .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
display the popup for the popup .
create a new abstract writer object .
returns the best guess that is closest to the given board state .
maps the rest group to another .
post all filenames provided in args
return a string representation of this object .
clear all searchable items
adds a new listener that will be notified when an action event is changed .
adds an array of seen values to the history . if there are less instances then the total number will be removed . if the data value is - 1 , all will be the same .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
order to get the order
find a clone that corresponds to the key argument .
converts the specified string to bytes using the specified encoding .
description of the method
before writing all process and redirect all process listeners .
add single meta - mapping meta file to string .
the code that does the real work of lookup . we do a deep copy of the items being returned , both to avoid having them modified while being marshalled ( by a concurrent update method ) , and to substitute replacements for embedded entryclass and servicetype instances , to
finds all history records for the given job and job status .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
escapes a character if it has an escape sequence or is non - printable ascii . leaves non - ascii characters alone .
if a landmark has been added to the set of the active landmarks , this function re - evaluates the estimated remaining travel time based on the new set of active landmarks of the nodes contained in pendingnodes . if this estimation improved , the node ' s position in
get a string representation of this object .
draws indicator in case the overflow rectangle transparent
write a line of values to the file with a timestamp
this method returns true if the bytearray contains a pem encoded item
close the listener of a resource .
controls the shard routing of the request . using this value to hash the shard and not the id .
receive data with a specific buffer size
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ) .
adds the index characters from the given locale to the index . the labels are added to those that are already in the index ; they do not replace the existing index characters . the collation order for this index is not changed ; it remains that of the locale
wraps the given key .
this method is called by the server when it is evaluated .
add a separator line to the page .
determine if sd card exists .
attempts to load a class loader from the given location of the specified loader class loader .
loads the raw modules of a database .
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format .
rounds a double to the next nearest integer value in a probabilistic fashion ( e . g . 0 . 8 has a 20 % chance of being rounded down to 0 and a 80 % chance of being rounded up to 1 ) . in the limit , the
converts the executableelement properties to typename properties
parse a list of registers .
constructs the factory . creates new thread group .
unit test for a heartbeat message .
format a vector of numbers into a formatted string .
add a new column to the table .
schedule variables for reference to this node .
adds a transaction that encapsulates a transaction .
creates a successful retry successful .
test split and join of properties ( using pipe ) .
unit test for verifying fix to java objects
returns true if . at this time , the bean is busy with some ( i . e . perhaps a worker thread is performing some calculation ) .
parses bytes from the stream .
reset the current connection state .
tests whether a single security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
decodes a full block .
removes the given child node from the list of characters .
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
load the parallel corpus from a contiguous block of memory .
converts radians to a float
serialize a object to a string .
compile a real instruction .
this method is used by the native code to determine whether the native volume is supported .
update the gui information item .
function which will return zero if the argument is a negative number .
returns the size of this track
checks whether it is allowed to perform a gzip request .
sets the buffer size .
called when the conversations activity is being shown .
reads the next encoded byte from the encoded input stream .
enqueue a job to be executed after the job has completed execution
this test doesn ' t pass on ri
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
receive notification of the start of an element .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
draws a string at the current location .
read the sepcified number of characters into the array .
updates the nonce display counter .
accept and process an instance event
matches given vpoollist with all systems present in db .
calculate the fee needed for a specific amount depending on the price provided
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators . this assumes that the image is rotated 180 degrees and if it locates the start and stop patterns at it will re - map the vertices for a 0 degree
adds a search to the history .
trims a list of file names from source files list and the array list .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
write 16 - bit value to output stream , lsb first
sets the order by term .
create a stemmedstring from one charsequence ( stemmed ) and one string ( original )
constructs a new network object .
pack cipher array into string cipher
constructs a new extension object .
ensure the tuple array exists .
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid argument .
removes all children of a given type node
eventually sets to the given value .
determine if the given fact is a valid cockpit .
columns the columns ( ) for the given column
writes a collection of strings to the file .
remove all elements from the list .
resets the uid validity in the query .
pseudo move from the current position .
writes an ogg page header to the given byte array .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
handle static definitions request .
subscribe to a room .
discharges an ienergizeditem with the defined amount of energy .
returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque , in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p / > < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this deque .
add all of the specified elements to the selection .
checks if feature is feature .
get trash partitions for specified node id .
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
loads a new image loader from the url
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
builds the matrix to be h ( in bytes )
transform binary to hex
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
create bidi line from the text . if not present , the start and end of the text will be ignored .
returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .
paints the background of an internal frame title pane .
add a graph listener
restart the temp file or directory if it exists .
skips the minimum and maximum information measure - label within the specified box .
is category product product category
it creates a new instance of this panel .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
this method appends data to the remote file on the remote server . calling this method will fail in the current thread until the operation is completed . the operation could be interrupted by another thread calling abortcurrentdatatransfer ( ) . the method will break with a ftpabortedexception .
provide white list , entry in white list will not be shown in ui list .
checks if is a qualified name .
creates a new instance of the given class buffer .
load config from file .
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
pretty printing accumulator function for booleans
renders the clause in textual representation .
remove this database listener .
loads and validates audiomap . xml .
add a generic attribute to the class file . a generic attribute contains a stream of uninterpreted bytes which is ignored by the vm ( as long as its name doesn ' t conflict with other names for attributes that are understood by the vm )
add events to the history events panel .
try to construct using newtransformerfactorynoserviceloader method if available .
check that the given uuid is a valid uuid string .
prepare the channel for writing .
executes the protocolsession in the session .
writes this instance out to a stream ( i . e . , serializes it ) .
convert the supplied value into an internal representation as packedlongiv .
adds a header to the end of the header .
adds a child leaf to this container .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
cumulative density function of the standard normal distribution
remove a named result .
add an entry to the list of modifications .
mod when modulus is negative
given an array of ln coefficients , determine if ts is a unit test
creates a new dexportprivatekeypkcs8 dialog .
sums all sql numbers
show a scroll to the top of the screen
calculates the offset based on the x - axis offset .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
clear listeners when finished
runs the test case .
add the number of days to this date .
creates a temporary cache file with the given directory already .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index . returns true if an entry was removed , false if no entry was found that meets the specified requirements .
run a byte [ ] .
closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
identity - based version for use in itr . remove
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
calculate matrix for fit_center
do a simple command to start a unique lookup port
adds a solrinputdocument to this request queue .
returns a result of the first phase in the during phase of the given key .
creates a new empty simpleobjectpermissionset .
add a curve to the shape
read shared preferences from the store .
returns the next character .
accept offer remove from offers list
verify that the given public key successfully handles and confirms the signature associated with this signer .
generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional modules provided by inheritance .
writes the snapshot request to the writer .
reads a date value from the input stream .
removes a listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by this control .
equivalent to , but cheaper than writing integer . tohexstring ( ) . getbytes ( ) followed by crlf .
reads an input stream from a string .
returns a list of type parameters in a map
find free space on the * nix platform using the ' df ' command .
reads all data from stream and close it silently
see if within three moves of solution .
creates a new instance of the given webview .
processes sslv2 hello message . sslv2 client hello message message is an unexpected message for client side of handshake protocol . see tls 1 . 0 spec . , e . 1 . version 2 client hello
closes the write half of the stream .
apply one row to the batch .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
the ' avgrequestspersecond ' field will make everything look like it changed
returns true if this float value is infinitely large in magnitude .
get the name of the inprogress znode .
adds a new value to the series
receive a signal read from the buffer .
output the doc type declaration .
cache a key store .
checks if vector is valid .
resolve relative url - s and fix a java . net . url error in handling of urls with pure query targets .
returns the maximum node in the tree .
determines the height of this view
utility method for converting a search path string to an array of directory and jar file urls . note that this method is called by apt and the docletinvoker .
adds a regular expression objects from the input .
fire a connection to the server to be closed by this class .
stores integer value with volatile semantic .
construct a strategy that parses a number field
creates a uri from a local uri .
creates a new plot that is automatically assigned to the plot .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
add class column for methods which only need to read rows
construct a new point .
add an xml element to the dom document .
flush the internal buffer
add a character to the start of the queue ( will be the next character retrieved ) .
add an instance to the array of matching classes containing the provided class name .
read the specified number of bytes into an array .
check if shared object should be displayed .
processes and informs listener when we encounter a tag indicating that a test suite is done .
inserts a string at the specified offset .
adds a root node to the class .
expands all ancestors of the given element or tree path so that the given element becomes visible in the widget .
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided double value .
constructs a new instance of xmldocument .
ensures that the maximum size is at least height aspect ratio .
tests whether the given char sequence is a normalized form .
returns a textual description of this classifier
unescape a som string fragment replacing " . " with " \ . " .
saves the given entity
copy files from the specified state into the queue .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
creates a new list of the given token .
make a color by a given factor
returns a string representation of the database .
returns the name of a class file .
write the passed in operator for the calling thread .
adds new values to the series
parameterasserts that a qualifier namespace is set .
formats the float array d with the specified number format .
pack from string into array .
removes the items from the list
remove all listeners that are notified of any changes in scroll state or position .
updates the background of a color component .
removes the ignored view from the list of ignored .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
ensures that a resource is running
returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing .
removes all the existing values from the series .
toggle the section of a section and adds it to the list .
combine an array of strings to one file list < string >
stop the instance , and release any resources .
establish an internal quest in the form which will do the real work .
compute the log loss of a number .
create a text response with known length .
returns the next xmlevent
replace an end point with the endpoint
computes the length of the vector .
make a new path segment .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
adds a new member .
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
adds whitespace by whitespace .
computes the widget type name for a package node
processes a atom atom .
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
a method that deletes an http status code
calculates the sum of the mean estimator , using the arithmetic mean estimator
returns a shallow copy of the hashtable to the new table .
generate a configuration with prefix corresponding to the configuration .
creates a display name map of the service name for the service .
create a new intcolumn .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns a string representation of the object .
execute the work of the current work of the work if there was no work in progress on this image view . returns false if the work in progress deals with the same data . the work is not stopped in that case .
queue a bitmap that waits for the specified bitmap with the given key .
analyze the location path and return 32 bits that give information about the location path as a whole . see the bit_xxx constants for meaning about each of the bits .
registers a listener to be notified of server events after the connection start .
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
generates a list of acceptable preview sizes . preview sizes are not acceptable if there is not a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio . if there is a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio , the picture size is paired up with the preview size
attempts to read more data .
create a new relation .
below method will be used to add row to store
returns true if the domain component is in the local host domain .
this method computes the entropy of the dataset from ( points ) , and given a ( build ) instance .
write the distribution parameter to the model .
save the current working directory to the new file
calculate the color selected by the pointer on the bar .
read characters into a portion of an array .
adjust a new space to be used
appends the instructions to the output .
forward project a raw dialogue system .
adds a button with the given container .
returns the no match attribute ( tag attribute ) .
returns a string representation of the business object data key .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
creates a list of keypurposeids from the usage of the usage usage .
gets the final function call and return a methodcall instance .
generate an iso file with an iso - byte - format file path
creates the instance for a particular event .
add a byte provider .
removes the element at the specified position in this vector .
requires the parents of the given child ' s parent .
adds a node to the end of the node .
removes wheel changing listener
gets the raw byte offset from the start of an object ' s memory to the memory used to store the indicated instance field .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
generates the xml representation of the object ( without xml headers or enclosing plist - tags ) .
when the window closes , stop any sequences running
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current fluxmerge instance .
stops the thread . this will close the thread idle .
check if the given string is a local id .
binds a new socket .
checks for interrupt , returning throw_ie if interrupted before signalled , reinterrupt if after signalled , or 0 if not interrupted .
resets the list of output to be empty .
read string from buffer .
writes carriers and their plans into a xml - file .
registers a listener to the system
test that a manifest without an activity with a launcher intent reports an error .
appends message if the given name is similar to the candidate .
writes the contents of a file header to the file .
returns the java version used to generate this build .
creates an instance of a voiceresult .
initial five nodes . computes nodes headed by root ' .
adds a new category to the category tree
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of drawer events .
show the request with the given title
adds a new entry to the hashtable .
this event is fired when the user selects the popup window .
format the given time in milliseconds into a string .
send the message to the log .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
p - empirical prior of a polynomial .
remove / collapse multiple newline characters
readobject is called to restore the state of the execpermission from a stream .
returns the total of the values in one row of the supplied data table by taking only the column numbers in the array into account .
opens the analysis of the file .
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when objects have been removed from the parent beancontext .
performs some processing on the given item .
removes instances from containers during scaling down
draw a line on the device .
removes all possible legal characters
start listening for a window .
return the list of all empty flags
defines a new package using the information extracted from the specified manifest .
parses the document and fires events .
verifies the signature bytes .
add a match to the list of strings match .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
get time ago that milliseconds how long ago the timer was specified .
converts a hex string to bytes .
stops the specified job
returns the natural logarithm of the given variance .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
returns a string representation of this object .
creates a new instance of default version formatter .
gets an attribute from the schema .
convert an android class name to a canonical form .
emit a method that ensures a collection is initialized .
unregisters an existing client from this server .
quotes the value of the embedded tomcat file .
create a new builder for the given list and a given container .
check if uri represents local resource
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
synchronously waits for a file .
volume is not a zone level resource
checks if the given type is a valid message type .
close event and ignore
calculates md5 hash of a message .
checks to see if a job exist
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
removes all containers from the container .
test of countmessagesinmailbox method , of class hbasemessagemapper .
queue an " event " to be run on the gl rendering thread .
adds the error message to the error list .
ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
writes a string entry into the specified map .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
process the source tree to the output result .
processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest , and closes the request at the end .
make sure the two links are contained in the link .
generate an sql string for caching
removes the provider at the specified 1 - based position .
parses an xml element from a raw node .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
formats amount to hh : mm
delete an instance of the entryclass , and remove the class from entryclasses if this is the last such instance .
loads the settings and stores them in a properties map .
log a warning message .
reads an input stream as a string .
construct a vector with the given values .
removes a transaction service listener .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
converts the specified cell to an array .
tests session creation session .
called when an object has been added to the beancontext . the informationdelegator will look for certain objects it needs .
removes all layers from the group .
returns number of entries in collection .
asynchronously create zookeeper path recursively and optimistically .
write this object out to a stream ( i . e . , serialize it )
compare based on net amount
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
for the given attribute , use in the class .
process notification of a new message event .
unregisters a membership listener
add an sms to the given uri .
present the final image on the screen / viewport .
fetch the next calendar in the iteration
creates a new client request .
removes from the given list the list the elements at the given index .
creates a new project tree .
determine expressions to string .
use interpolator to get t
opens the channel with the given name , and count channels .
builds the payment date based on the current period position
iterates over all values and returns true if one value matches . also see containswithinbounds .
rename a new database row in the file .
returns true if there is another data in the input stream .
handles the error after a host exit .
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model .
prints a way to a buffer for printing .
returns a string representation of the data row .
full version of the path of the given object
returns true if there ' s another proxy to try .
returns whether or not an object has been made invisible .
this operation is not supported because pictures are mutable .
gets the measurement for each pattern .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
validate credit card number . - based on luhn formula
extract a zip file from the given directory .
creates a configuration with the default configuration file .
creates a new goto
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sets up the y - axis labels . computes the desired number of labels between the two given extremes . unlike the paparexlabels ( ) method , this method needs to be called upon every refresh of the view .
forges and sends the teardown request
if this is the first time calling this method , the buffer will be checked to make sure it starts with soi marker ( 0xffd8 ) . if the image has been identified as a non - jpeg , data will be ignored and false will be returned immediately on
test deploying a simple ear .
returns the length of this character sequence .
checks if is equal to another object .
notify the change listener
an array containing the given key
removes the given listener from the list of diagram change listeners .
gets most preferred 3d transformation .
removes leading zeros from string
clears the " hostcontext " system property
p - empirical prior .
add a separator line to the page .
adds a chart chart chart to the chart and displays a chart object .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
accept a data point to plot
create a new sub - overlapping ranges .
support for getparentofnode ; walks a dom tree until it finds the element which owns the attr . this is hugely expensive , and if at all possible you should use the dom level 2 attr . ownerelement ( ) method instead . < p > the dom level 1
creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
tell us whether we are running on macos
returns the number of elements in this array .
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog .
trim whitespace . not for right now .
add a message to the buffer
dispose - free resources
the result will be positive , if the line is on the left of p_point else negative .
expands the given number string as a real number .
gets a random real number from the vector
submits a requests for a set of permissions for an activity .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
test the configuration settings on a java project or command line .
creates a new log file logger .
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for an instantiable relation .
remove a set of operands
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
given a ' from ' pattern ( ala xsl : number ) , a match pattern and a context , find the first ancestor that matches the pattern ( including the context handed in ) .
kill the tcp reader .
this is a facade method for the encoding operation . < p > this method encodes the remaining character sequence of the given character buffer into a new byte buffer . this method performs a complete encoding operation , resets at first , then encodes , and flushes at last
using the given map of metrics to look up a map of values .
resolve class name into an annotation .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
check if a point is in the given polygon
inserts a byte array
tells whether the provided alias is a use - generated alias .
this method will load the file into a given table
helper to validate the contents of a file
write data in the current stream to an output stream .
apply mask on a mask
computes the duration for the current duration
size + value1 type id + value length + value1 binary content + . . . 4b 4b 4b value1 bytes
reads the header of a bin .
returns the destination file as a png image of the given file .
pick the widgets for each visible widgets
