returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
compute the union size of two bitsets .
test 2 keys with candidates in reverse order .
handle a closing event under an ok condition
returns a description of the rule .
returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the this sector and another . the new sector ' s minimum latitude and longitude will be the minimum of the two sectors . the new sector ' s maximum latitude and longitude will be the maximum of the two
returns true if the given value is equal to b .
integer value of a positive bigdecimal
main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy .
get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field .
divide with invalid rounding mode
this method gets called when the series of dataset changes .
schedule the provided scheduler .
returns true if the given type is a string , false if it is not .
api method . returns a root entry .
validates parameters specified in the sql statement .
converts to object array .
is this logger instance enabled for the fine level ?
checks if a player can use a given number of items
create a new matcher based on configuration values .
determines the max levels of the tree
ask to the user for retyping the pass code just entered before saving it as the current pass code .
rolls back the worker thread creation . - removes worker from workers , if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination , in case the existence of this worker was holding up termination
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) . tests insert . . . select with expressions in select query
registers a map entry to disk .
receive notification of the end of an element .
send a fatal error log message
delete the specified name .
returns a string representation of this vector .
validates a component that can be used to validate texts .
build the final bitmap - pieces to draw in animation
unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
run the request , starting the connection if necessary .
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
aggregates the class membership probabilities .
blocks the state of this request .
starts the additional hashing thread .
updates the view page .
paints the image on the window .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name
it checks if the tag is prefixed ( contains the character ' : ' ) .
releases the connection being used by this thread .
adds a actions to the quickactionview
adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
calculates the needed angle for a given value
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a new instance .
concatenates this charseq with the given string .
performs the http get request .
notify listeners that state has changed
test for getorder ( ) method
formats and logs a message with a throwable .
constructs the redis key used to increment and get the localid for jobs in the given queue .
decodes a string back into its original form using the specified string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
adds specified domain name to the list of permitted domains
create a new instance
tests fail : always returns false , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive case not supported .
computes the jrmp " method hash " of this remote method . the method hash is a long containing the first 64 bits of the sha digest from the utf - 8 encoded string of the method name and descriptor .
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream . leaves the stream open when done .
does this item have any items loaded yet ?
render the state of the given file .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml namespaces 1 . 0 recommendation
appends the specified element to the end of this list .
prepare the dataset required for running test cases
helper method that builds the proxy service .
check if value is a valid value .
recovers the primary key constraints .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
removes the recurrence from persistant store .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
return true if the current work has passed since the last time was accessed .
creates a new , empty document .
services a commandline request .
converts to byte array .
creates a new style .
get the next option number .
using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for ceph hlu is not applicable
insert object into a new array .
write a graphic to the printout . < p > this was not in the original class , but was added afterwards by bob jacobsen . modified by d miller . < p > the image is positioned on the right side of the paper , at the current height
put the source tree root node in the document cache . todo : this function needs to be a lot more sophisticated .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
copy a input resource to a output resource
starts all audio not between start and length ( length = end by default ) sox < path > - e signed - integer - b 16 outfile trim < start > < length >
the graphical representation of the canvas .
loads the specified properties class .
add a number to zero
creates and sets the gps timestamp tag .
cell editable . called before gettablecelleditorcomponent
read a single character . this method will block until a character is available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached . < p / > < p > subclasses that intend to support efficient single - character input should override
this function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value . uses drawline ( ) method to create the y axis and lines to show breakdown of y axis and drawtext ( ) method to plot labels related with breakdowns
gets the maximum number of children .
prints the specified file for the specified runnable .
extends the bounds in this grammar .
consumes the supplied pattern , including the given pattern .
test meta data functions that return result sets .
this method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache , other wise get from cache
removes a listener from the set of listeners
returns what the serialization specification calls " descriptor " given a field signature .
adds a new parameter to be used in the post request body .
creates an annotation object .
checks whether the given cloudresource id exists or not .
a service wrapper for the createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
construct a new pattern .
compute the intersection of two line segments .
method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed .
get the unix timestamp encoded in milliseconds .
check if the key is not supported
draws the grid background
opens a stream to an entry in the jar .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
called when the view navigates .
this overridden method checks to see if the buffered omgraphiclist is created , and then returns a subset of omgraphics that are actually on the map . if the buffered omgraphiclist hasn ' t been created yet , it gets created here .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
checks if the given field is a " public static final " constant .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance = - 1
creates a cleanup for the given user .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
convert from string to uri
loads the lts from the given reader .
calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .
determines the width of this view
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
called when the object is added to the queue .
returns the localized string of a number .
transforms multiple paths will all matrices .
decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
item will slide from bottom of the screen to its natural position .
creates a new compact object .
handle request sent with a wrong binding
creates a new validator , with the specified network and parameters .
load from the store .
writes a string to the output stream and closes the underlying output stream .
puts the given parameter value into a new list object then adds it to the map .
returns the minimum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains .
computes the roots of a function by using w / h .
select the select state of the adapter .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
ignorable whitespace . for this method to be called , the document source must have some way of determining that the text containing only whitespace characters should be considered ignorable .
wait for the given editor to be processed .
finds the maximum value of the population using the chebyshev weights .
converts a y co - ordinate to a line index .
registers a callback handler for a service .
parses an ascii property list from an input stream .
returns the current score contribution of the vector
creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator , using a given set of documents for training .
checks if the given link is in the target link .
test the value of a bin .
checks that the argument is valid and finite .
measure and layout all currently visible children .
process an incoming connection
gets the percent of values below the specified range .
quietly closes given closeable object ( stream ) in a safe way : check if it is null and catch - log exception thrown .
releases the version of a page .
adds a new event listener to this dialog .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
converts a string to a byte array
loads the specified properties file into memory
returns true if the
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
actions a pull event
returns an object mapping at the beginning of the object stack .
parse a template string and return the result .
find the differences between two texts . simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or suffix off the texts before diffing .
create a new repository .
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
index down the document .
reset all common components before parsing
update the volume with the new name .
handles an exception that occurred during installation .
create the object after serialization . this implementation reinitializes the transient properties .
paint the arrow in enabled state .
logs a thrown exception .
convert a small bigdecimal to biginteger
called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed .
whether the stack is running on the board .
setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing . tests if crls with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlnumber criteria , if specified maxcrl value matches the selector , and if crl with inappropriate crlnumber value does not match the selector .
execute the context menu depending on the mouse event .
removes a task from the list .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
ensures that the directory specified by the path exists
requests the class loader to load a class .
determines the height of this view
this only checks clipping along the bottom edge .
creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
adds the specified items at the end of the array .
checks if the message is pending .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
calculate the entity ' s final defense value .
test for verifying that contents of " untyped " homogenous arrays are properly handled ,
closes the callback invoked to close the callback .
static version of indexof , to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each time .
populate new profiles with the existing list of profiles
checks the header of a file .
absolute value of quadrature component
determines the type of the global extremum .
returns oid for algname
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
refills the input buffer .
processes mouse events and responds to clicks .
add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
determines whether there are no more tables in the database .
classifies the given feature strings .
called to bind the viewholder at the given position .
updates the list of line .
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height , centered on ( x , y ) .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
replace the elements with the given element .
called to start adding an item to an item list .
get the initial split number .
handle clicks ( pressed and released ) on the text pane .
scan source files to be set .
returns true if there is another postponed route to try .
returns whether this element has a single element .
create igfs path from file
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value
returns the remainder of ' reader ' as a string , closing it when done .
add a static property to the class
mark the current entry .
default method - returns " input "
handles the state of the specified endpoint .
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri
creates new values with the given settings .
returns true if the input string contains an explicit character .
checks if a segment string contains a segment pattern a - b - a ( which implies a self - intersection )
removes the first occurrence , starting at the beginning and moving towards the end , of the specified object from this vector . all elements with an index bigger than the element that gets removed have their index decreased by 1 .
returns a copy of operator after the operator
adds a column to the string table .
utility method that implements data binding ' s logic to convert a file name to a java class name
a function that generates random aes & hmac keys and prints out exceptions but doesn ' t throw them since none should be encountered . if they are encountered , the return value is null .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
execute a sql statement .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
refreshes the description of the event
create the migration task editor .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
accepts an ipv4 address of the form xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx , ie 192 . 168 . 0 . 1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer .
close the given cursor and remove it from the map
check whether there are more tags to read .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
escapes a node declaration .
adds the specified item to the end of the array .
notify unsuccessful completion of the operation
transform an xsl - fo streamsource to the specified output format .
splits the input string based on the default delimiter
reads as much data as possible without blocking . relies on inputstream . ready method . in case of doubts look at # readavailableblocking
deletes the contexts at the specified state .
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
creates the appropriate contentimpl for the given blob .
checks to see if the grid is a valid regular expression .
finds the values out of a property .
returns the first index of elt in the array if < len , else - 1 .
appends a value to a list of strings .
compares the argument to this certificate . if both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal .
appending the between clause .
convert a string to a byte array
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
return a histogram that keeps a gts measurement at a given timestamp .
this function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
recursively assign node weights .
creates a new instance of searchengine
adds a field to run the multi match against with a specific boost .
combines two functions , returns a plain stage .
build the schema for schema .
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
creates a new stream info object .
returns the sentence sentence .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
output the sql type for a java short .
breaks a string to multiple strings .
write all modified favorites to the data stream .
update the last time .
gets all errormessagecodes for this node .
key to the store .
creates a new object .
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
parses a delimited string into a list of strings .
lays out the contents of the panel .
indicates whether the server is currently running .
creates a default mosaic definition .
create a result set .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
checks if the specified component is in the currently selected component .
adds a listener for internal items
the " safe " square root of the input value , handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value .
runs callable object in specified number of threads .
emit a character buffer .
initializes the internal storage with the information from the database
construct a select statement suitable for use in a group of select statements that will be joined through union operators in buildunionquery .
creates a node with the given values .
todo add method documentation
revert to all the file paths in the current root directory .
concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array .
construct a mixed iterator that contains at the end of the tags
instantiates a new file tree node .
the file can be read .
writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset . assumes the array has space to hold count bytes .
called when an item is changed .
compute the normal distribution function .
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
adds a new zoom listener .
removes all phi instructions from the graph .
fire when an annotation has been moved .
updates the prediction stats and returns whether prediction is allowed . the policy is : 1 . if the client does not wait more than mdelayms , decline the request . 2 . if the client waits for more than mdelayms but less than 2 * mdelayms , accept the
authenticates the received client evidence message m1 and saves it only if correct . to be called after calculating the secret s .
handle a text listener
removes the given uri from the service .
transforms a reference object into a string .
constructs an escapedwriter around the given writer .
returns true if this cookie has expired .
records the hierarchy record .
check if the given method is correct .
add a number to zero
resets the state of this builder .
\ brief distance ( this , b )
checks if the backup is encrypted .
a locale independent version of tolowercase .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
builds and returns a opus comment .
asserts that the given property name is received .
returns the number of members ( name / value pairs ) in this object .
converts a string to uppercase .
return an iterator over the edges in this graph .
unlocks the given key
creates and returns a string formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a java doc header .
force a number to the start of the string .
adds an item to the list of items that should be dropped off the list
finds a jpa entity by its primary key .
load workflw and initialize the session attributes .
returns a hash code value for this object .
removes the from tags .
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code . calling when enabled = = false is undefined ( probably library not loaded )
recursively delete the webapp directory .
verifies that the iterator visits the specified order in some arbitrary ordering and that the iterator is exhausted once .
fire finished percentage with a percentage .
generate a new virtual host mapping .
transfer a text file transfer to the transfer object
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
unwraps expression into a string .
if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it
draws the next time interval in [ 0 , 1 ] .
creates the line structure for the given text . newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position . returns the number of newly created lines .
returns the positive square root of the specified value .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
convert a number into a bit string .
encodes an array of bytes into an array of url safe 7 - bit characters . unsafe characters are escaped .
initializes using the message contents and client .
spins / blocks until node s is fulfilled .
load cache plugin configurations
creates a new mapmousemode mode .
adds a new event to the head of the queue .
stops the timer with the specified name .
returns the summary as string .
create a temporary file in the directory given by java . io . tmpdir
draws a horizontal rule into the graph and optionally adds a legend .
select also all items belonging to any connected set of the current selected items .
create a new instance for a given locale .
removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge .
configures the properties from the specified location .
open a new connection object .
a simple implementation of the addrelations method which presents the general concept of the method . it should not be used in production because of possible race condition - production ready code should perform an atomic operation .
run the switch port .
sleep for the specified time , ignoring any exceptions that occur
verifies that the given set is not modified .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
performs intermediate updates to what the user wishes to do .
parses a double from a string .
writes string to byte array .
actions a pull event
add a rtcp event listener
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array .
this method detects a code in a " pure " image - - that is , pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated , unskewed , image of a code , with some white border around it . this is a specialized method that works exceptionally fast in this
report a two arguments error .
connects socket ' fd ' to ' inetaddress ' on ' port ' , with no timeout . the lack of a timeout means this method won ' t throw sockettimeoutexception .
determine if the string - value of a node is whitespace
creates a new debugger .
open the image file , if any .
deregisters a spring from this basespringsystem , so it won ' t be iterated anymore . the spring should not be used anymore after doing this .
returns the name of the file .
parses an n - triples node , creates an object for it using the supplied valuefactory and returns this object .
resets the psr list .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
close this popup menu .
frees the cache with the specified id .
expand the view horizontally to the size of the crosssize ( considering the view margins )
converts an ip address into a hexadecimal string .
track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream .
returns true if the value at the bottom of the screen in the list
case sensitive match test .
parses the properties from the given url .
computes the result for a double input value .
enables bluetooth and checks to make the correct actions were broadcast .
distance between two points
creates a new url of the given component parts . the url uses the protocol ' s default port .
return a workflow . method for createmetavolumes .
constructs a new command .
initialize the genericactivity gui .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
sample the active count
verifies the user ' s code .
test for correct error handling for a mission with no " name " attribute .
checks if this object equals another . < p > the entire state of the object is compared .
releases any resources we may have ( or inherit )
compute the hyperbolic sine of the argument .
close all currently open reader
resolves the list of files .
javax / crypto / exemptionmechanism # getinstance ( string algorithm , string provider ) checks exception order
reloads the properties of the application .
removes a message from the list of running processors for this sipstack process .
creates a certid . the hash algorithm used is sha - 1 .
add the set to an existing file .
put a byte array as a len encoded bytes in the buffer .
turns an array of strings into a single string .
removes all items from the stagingarea .
parse background color string .
returns a new instance of a given state
check the length of a memory size .
read a single character .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region .
shutdown all thread pools .
creates a list of ip addresses to inetaddress .
removes new line character from a string .
calculates the counters of a table .
append html to the text .
loop through each of the columns in the row , migrating each as a resource or relation .
retrieve row count of a table .
creates a new jarmodifier with the given archive to be modified
adds an attribute to this table .
associate the given value with the specified key .
sorts the specified sub - array of chars into ascending order .
checks if the server is a transaction .
adds a special " marked occurrence " highlight .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
fully read in len ' s bytes of data into buf , or up to eof , whichever occurs first ,
validate the given assumption .
adds a set of requirements to the cart
add an item set .
skips from the peek buffer
returns a workflow method for removing vplex volumes form the srdf target cg . this is used for rolling back addvplexvolumestosrdftargetcg .
displays a dialog with the prompt options .
convert a mouse pressed event by adding tracks into ascending order .
computes the string representation of a regex object .
generate a call identifier . this is useful when we want to generate a call identifier in advance of generating a message .
parse a hour value . depending on patternchar parameter , the hour can be 0 - 23 , 1 - 24 , 0 - 11 , or 1 - 12 . the returned value will always be 0 based .
execute a command history .
below method will be used to construct the binding of the given type .
where the magic happens
gets all known servers .
returns the seconds until password expiration .
shows a page of author
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
compute gamma cdf by a normal approximation
read the object from base64 string .
copies all properties that start with the given document to the new document .
constructs a new matrix with the given argument .
unlocks the hash map .
create a new ( empty ) unicast server remote reference .
static version of lastindexof .
writes buffer to file .
round off a double [ ] .
max ( biginteger val ) . the first is less .
function used to stop code that calls accepttrainingset . this is needed as clusterer construction is performed inside a separate thread of execution .
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location , and update the offsetgrabpoint with all the other grabpoint locations , so everything can shift smoothly . should also set the offsetgrabpoint to the movingpoint . should be called only once at the beginning of the general movement ,
writes floats from the given float array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written .
the optimized version of sax2dtm . dispatchcharactersevents ( int , contenthandler , boolean ) . < p > directly call the characters method on the passed contenthandler for the string - value of the given node ( see http : / / www . w3 . org / tr /
returns true if the ip address is authorized to the third value .
accessed via reflection . do not remove
check cookie version attribute .
use the import file dialog .
creates the item using these parameters .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
returns a byte [ ] containing the remainder of ' in ' , closing it when done .
parse the sql statement and locate any placeholders or named parameters . named parameters are substituted for a jdbc placeholder .
writes a long at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
handler for the named request .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
if possible , validate the given key ' s hashcode against any that was returned by the peer .
produce a string from a number .
run an init script ( must be a public static javascript ) .
parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line .
check that the argument is a real number .
initializes the soft keyboard
is window autocommit ( if not set use default )
returns the relative path to the specified directory .
read fields to display
internal method to perform the normalization .
resets the configuration files
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer
generate a random string
exchanges rate policy manager .
removes an attribute from the list .
invalidate and expire the cache .
is this postgresql ?
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
inserts a namespace declaration .
increments the remove time accumulator .
computes the number of remaining bytes
shows user home following users page .
interpolated elevation at a given lat / lon - should be more precise than elevationat ( ) , but that depends on the resolution of the data .
factory method for observedobject creation .
delete the children of the element
saves the initial child with the given initial value .
checks , if this item is set .
ensures that the given object is not null .
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml . the stream can previously have been written by writelistxml ( ) .
adds padding to the beginning of a string with a repeating character if the string ' s length is less than the minimum length
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
this method should not raise any exceptions .
register a preferences button .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
create field . - creates fields and default locator
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . the databuffer is not initialized and must be a databufferbyte compatible with samplemodel . samplemodel must be of type singlepixelpackedsamplemodel or
this method will copy the given file to carbon store location
based on the rhs .
convert string to double .
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the panel .
convert a binary file to a png file
check if the current feature is stable or not .
calculates the approximate size of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
perform the default values
returns a string representation of the list , front to back .
write an image , x / y placement with an imageicon .
tests data flow from injecting .
monitor changes to the scale slider .
writes content to a file . this is an i / o operation and this method executes in the main thread , so it is recommended to perform this operation using another thread .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs " .
convenience method to update the status bar .
converts oid into array of ints .
list of server instances
create a dialog box dialog .
checks if the input layer contains a layer .
199 * decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer . 200
provides a hint to the virtual machine that it would be useful to attempt to perform any outstanding object finalizations .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
checks request length request header to make sure it is the given value
adds the given foreign key constraint .
called with the activity is first created .
pushes a notification to the server .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
update the resource type for a given resource .
deselects all selected items in the receiver .
checks if is leaf .
adds a listener to the list of listeners
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
parses a string vector and returns an array of doubles .
throughput test for updates .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
create a new session wrapper .
post requests with a single batch of requests .
returns the main program directory .
clears the route list .
translates the protocol type into a string .
returns the next object in the iteration
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
serializes the history state to a json object using the format described in loadjson ( ) .
loads a keystore with the given type from the specified filename .
remove a property change listener
returns true if the user has been cancelled .
and o onto the other words .
returns true if the passed principal is equal to " this one .
test if the profile is valid .
read a server response .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
create a new clause .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
create a key object .
decodes a replace operation .
sorts the elements in place
rebuilds the active subscription panel .
process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
returns a string representation of the object .
navigates to the next page ( if not already there ) .
the following two methods exist because in , out , and err must be initialized to null . the compiler , however , cannot be permitted to inline access to them , since they are later set to more sensible values by initializesystemclass ( ) .
creates a list of the given type .
adds a rulelist as the batch .
returns true if the given element is visited , false otherwise .
creates a new connection to the given connection .
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally .
initialize the kernel model .
override to check equality with a mask
emit the given visitor visit this abstract method .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
original version of externalpush . get ( ) ; overridden in subclasses .
reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order bytes set to 0 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
determines if the storage system for the passed blocksnapshot instance supports snapshot sessions .
list of services for the given descriptor .
removes the code value from a string .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; equidistant
computes the inverse error function of the beta distribution
validates a signed certificate .
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
return the number of objects in this sequence .
tests that the a servlets run - as role - name can be extracted .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the first is longer .
create a new term
prints the message passed as a non - string object .
currently only group by tags groupbys ' first item always is site , which is a reserved field
invalid xml for invalid xml
returns a string representation of this vector .
returns true if the given member is a member of the group .
creates a time object from a given date string
write the object in kml text format .
gets the destination directory .
get users and groups from the server to fill in the " share with " list
creates new form numberpanel
get all values of the given header .
clears all the messages that are older
puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
register a new client to be sent .
parses the data from the supplied inputstream , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
parses the date value using the given date formats .
removes a member with the specified name from this object . if this object contains multiple members with the given name , only the last one is removed . if this object does not contain a member with the specified name , the object is not modified .
return all successor which are not exception handler or followed by loop back edge
read a line of text record .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
write a string to a writer .
renames an editor panel .
checks if a single line is represented as a single line .
override to set up your specific external resource .
convert virtual world coordinates to lon / lat . results are in degrees .
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . the string is processed from the beginning to the end .
encode text as utf - 8
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
build the rate for a given compound factor at a given time .
advances the position until after the next newline character . if the line is terminated by " \ r \ n " , the ' \ n ' must be consumed as whitespace by the caller .
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
request on the data
formats time in milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string format .
add the specified property change listener for the specified property .
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
add a typed array to the config
adds a sub - action to the main menu .
fill the entry set from the tree map .
returns true if the given collection is contained in the array .
for keyboard mode , processes key events .
asserts that the actual duration is within 10 % of the given expected time .
log the differences between two texts .
returns the image with the given parameters .
allocates a new resource .
splits a string into a set of key / value pairs .
init info about the session upgrade .
compute mel frequency from linear frequency .
construct a new icon object .
generate an array of random bytes
returns a description of the search as a string
write to the buffer
true if the entry is expired .
put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
handles a change in the current selection .
check if the session is valid
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
get response as byte array
starts fading out all layers .
pack through the first enclosing tree .
add a text listener .
returns an iterator over the profile .
check if the string starts with a space character , false if the string is empty or ends with a non - space character
appends scheme to incoming path
convert a key to a level .
called whenever the mouse is pressed by the user and one of the requested mouse modes is active .
initializes the caching http headers filter .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
load the generalnamestablemodel with general names .
reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
returns true if the ping is disabled .
writes the contents string to a file .
create a result of a given key
computes the angle between two points .
initializes the memory management with the current time .
checks if is enabled .
render the foreground for the given operator ( if he has been hidden ) .
creates a new transaction that encapsulates a transaction .
starts this gemfire shell with console .
exports an object . this method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object . a remote applet can load the proxy class and call a method on the exported object .
creates a new empty directory .
reads characters into a string .
process a new children of the children in the tree .
initialize the logging list .
creates a new queue queue .
get the html of this object .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
creates a new request configured to publish an open graph action .
hide content and show the progress bar
read in external representation for remote ref .
compute the hyperbolic tangent of a number .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
constructs a new sdpexception when the codelet needs to throw an exception and include a message about another exception that interfered with its normal operation .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
notifies the property change listener .
returns true if the given template requires restore the given template .
create a new jvalueslider .
applies the attributes passed to the given symbol .
todo add method documentation
creates a remote service instance .
read the old journal from the input file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
starts the daemon thread .
returns whether any data was returned . when a user requests too many cells / wrong cell level / cells too far away from the users location , the server returns empty mapcells .
this object renders a qr code as a bytematrix 2d array of greyscale values .
writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written .
sets a http header .
updates the ui settings .
generate to source of the class .
submit a task to the executor core .
checks the given bucket name .
validates the given namespace .
format a given object .
calculates the derived statistics ( significance etc ) .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
determines if a consistency group is same .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
attempts to wait on a message to be delivered to this receiver . the receive call will wait indefinitely for a message to be delivered .
removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end , but not including the end index .
refills the input buffer .
check if there are duplicate addresses entered
stop the actual cluster .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
releases all currently selected items
handle the link types of an link file
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude . see setloadoption
validates the expected state of the builder .
creates a mojangson string from the given tag
remove the arguments and argument from the command line arguments .
replaces a policy represented by a policy framework .
creates a new atomicreferencearray with the same length as , and all elements copied from , the given array .
moved this code into it ' s own method so moveto could use it when the move is across file systems
recompute the separation of cluster means .
method to pad a buffered image into which the chart has been drawn .
handles cleaning up for a lost pool entry with the given route . a lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was garbage collected instead of being properly released .
writes the start of an element .
adds a process listener to the list of listeners .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string .
stores the value at the specified index .
create a new turnout operation .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
parses the bytes from a string .
find link to a link string
updates the actions in the registry .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
add a curve to the shape
put the segment to the list .
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ) . todo foreign key functionality is not supported
creates a new topic object .
changes the factor of this point to the given point .
insert a blob entry .
adds defaults to uri
copies sequence from one string to another .
computes the distance from a point p to a line segment ab note : non - robust !
returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
runs the test case .
take a string suitable for the generated build of the directory server .
read from the file .
creates the gui of the component .
returns true if the device is running , or false if not empty .
constructs a new correlation wrapping an existing exception .
checks if is enabled .
validates a key output file
attaches the given responselistener to all derived requestbuilders .
calculate the log likelihood of the current state .
returns true if there are dead states that reach an accept state .
subtracts two money objects
compares the specified edge to this edge and return true if they are equal .
skip the next line .
create the workflow execute method for an incoming request .
converts a given list of base64encodedkeys to a bytebuffer .
step to step a progress
loads the raw text characters from the raw string .
signatures .
construct a private key from the specified node .
adds wheel changing listener
scan forward from the given start position .
tobitstring - returns a string representation of d [ ] .
converts the float samples into a little - endian 16 - bit stream .
check if token is valid
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
expand an array of paths
generates a new simple set of vertices in the input string .
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements
w / o , opcode : uacmin / uacmax , sparse input .
signal the default group .
generates an x - values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters . can be used for convenience .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two numbers of different signs . the first is negative .
put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field , if it isn ' t already there . return the hashmap for the given class and field .
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri . the decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in utf - 8 .
convert rgb color to cmyk color .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
shows an error message .
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
removes all characters which appear in string bag from string s .
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians .
formats the given number to the given number of decimals , and returns the number as a string , maximum 35 characters .
destroys activity is destroyed .
method for beancontextchild interface .
helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true / false appropriately
create a windowsfileattributes from a win32_file_attribute_data structure
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) . this method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have already been written and does not write an end tag .
fire javafx event on this fxgl scene .
returns true if the entry is a full entry for a given intent .
checks if the given resource is a module .
write annotationset item into current section .
constructs a principal from an ip address .
determines whether a given revision contains a given template name
retrieves all mailbox dump requests from the given start date .
draws an oval for the given parameters .
returns a string with the given arguments .
tostring , leveldatatostring , & walkgraph methods needed to implement explorenode interface
read on char . like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field .
create a split from a string the string has the structure : word1 ( morpheme ) + word2 ( morpheme ) + . . . + word3 for example : " aktion ( s ) + plan " or " verbraucher + zahlen "
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
returns the name of the class path .
removes a title prefix .
send the message and wait for replies
returns true if the given attributes are of the given attributes .
test for equality , coping with nulls .
search for engine by road number
convert class name to dotted format . if the class name is already in dotted format , it is returned unmodified .
calculates the arithmetic mean of x and y .
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed
closes the closing connection .
remove oma download info from sharedprefs .
checks whether the android api version of the android operating system
returns a boolean indicating whether a bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
returns the x and y values of the given vector2 up to the nearest integer value .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
load the lua chunk header from the given stream
add a button with the specified url .
map the response for matching requests . each time a request is sent that matches the supplied matcher , the to - be - specified response or responsesource will be used . request to response mappings defined using this method will be applied in reverse order of addition , meaning
helper method to commit a bean .
split string into multiple strings .
this method removes an entry in the gcirmap that is specified by inst . only one element of the list will be removed per call . if the instruction is not found in the gc map and exeception is thrown .
create an instance of the specified object .
constructs a new parser for the given format string .
converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of objects in the iterator , divided by a separator .
is queue is full .
schedules a version 2 playlist
this variable needs to be written if any of it ' s subsidiary variables needs to be written .
( button ) action listener
prints out the classifier .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
send a verbose log message .
save the indexes to the given list of unique passive .
compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location .
if deltay > 0 , move the content down
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
inserts the string representation of the view .
obtains the string representation of this object .
writes the data to the device .
copy data from a reader into a writer and do not close i / o .
checks if we have dragged the ready to run out of the process .
applies the transform to the supplied point .
asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception is thrown .
writes a raw packet to the desired interface . a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the specified protocol type . the caller is responsible for computing correct ip - header and payload checksums .
process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value .
load some data for this table
this method will search list of wo ' s for the given criteria and eligible for mb . criteriamap will have : contractor_id , create_date , tender_no , workorder_no filter : 1 ) isapprovallimitreachedforwo 2 ) ismbcreatedandpendingforwo 3 ) isfinalbillapprovedforwo
creates a time period for the specified time zone .
constructs a new resource queue .
encodes an x . 509 crl , and signs it using the given key .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
abbreviate a string by simply truncating it .
local method to stop an output test
check if row at a given index .
helper method called to empty all shared symbols , but to leave arrays allocated
determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
returns a new name containing the pieces from this name plus the pieces of the given name added on the end .
parses a date string .
returns a string representation of the thread .
tell if the character is whitespace .
removes the given filter to this module .
removes the specified datasets .
add a property change listener
returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded .
adds the specified object at the end of this list .
add the urls for listening
adds the passed virtualarray uris from the set of virtualarrays assigned to the resource by the user .
returns true if the cell at rowindex and columnindexis editable
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
drop the workspace view from the list of connections
helper function to concatenate a list of values
add an iterator over the graph .
validate a custom catalog table
default timeout with no stats .
returns true if the body of a body .
add the given wxdomobject as this object ' s child at specified index .
restores the selection from that in terms of the model .
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
clean up after testing .
consumes the events from the event queue .
updates the ui text based on the field value .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare zero to zero .
generates an exponentially distributed random number and rounds it .
determine the current amount of overscroll . if the value is 0 , there is no overscroll . if the value is < 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the top or or left . if the value is > 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the bottom or right
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
process the invite request .
creates new log instance .
read send delay time from window returns ' true ' if successful , ' false ' if an error was detected . if an error is detected , a suitable error message is placed in the notes area
writes out a block of text that contains no newlines
returns the hash code of this list . the hash code is calculated by taking each element ' s hashcode into account .
parse string value returning a int .
process a mouse event .
tell whether the given node is invalid
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
called when the event is triggered
remove a batch clusterer listener
this should only be created by the lock service . this call will not actually refresh the token .
adds an object that is known to be in the relation . this is used for offline caching .
wraps a bytebuffer which can be either on heap or off heap .
parse the json base value .
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger . the long value fits in integer .
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right .
grow array to grow .
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points , and including origin , plus a point p which describes the side .
checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data
insert room for operation . this will not set the length value of the operation , but will update the length value for the total expression .
removes a listener from the listener list .
registers an object that wants to have its report method called whenever runtimemeasurements .
check that a string contains the expected output .
removes the classname from the cache .
completedstage returns a completed completionstage
renders the channel configs , lines , labels , and cursor
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
handles the case where a class loader is dropped .
delete ( sw , port ) from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps .
determines if the given type is assignable from the given primitive type .
total bytes of files to be recovered ( potentially not yet done )
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
deletes the existing user .
format a given date .
cas waitstatus field of a node .
prints the thread dump information to system . out .
stops audio playback and drains the audio buffer to empty when the audio buffer is mostly empty and the available buffer capacity exceeds the stop threshold
checks if the given input matches filter
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
runs the http get request .
initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .
returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept .
create missing document values
replace backslashes with forward slashes .
launch the ability , launch the connection if it ' s not already running .
encodes acl representation of httpentity into a byte array .
expand the hidden directory to the given directory .
performs an interrupt read operation on the queue .
update the value selected .
returns true if there is another data in the input stream .
creates a display string of a parameter list ( without the parentheses ) for the given parameter types and names .
execute this call to start a named heartbeat on the master . the heartbeat table update must be logged as we will expect to see it as a dbmsevent .
generate and encapsulate a random session key .
load private ssh key from the given file .
removes a listener for changes of registered snapshot categories .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
return a new week - based - year date of the chronology , year , week .
check if given string is not empty .
returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner .
libsecp256k1 cleanup - this destroys the secp256k1 context object this should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context .
initializes the cipher and set initial capacity
make a list of urls .
get reader to response body using given character set . < p > this will fall back to using the utf - 8 character set if the given charset is null
convert a color to an ardor3d image
adds a vertex to the graph .
configures the client that we want to hear
returns the index starting at the specified index ( two characters at a time ) .
calculate requirements along the minor axis . this is implemented to forward the request to the logical view by calling getminimumspan , getpreferredspan , and getmaximumspan on it .
appends p_string to the text pane .
pushes a string onto the query .
returns a printable representation of the object
construct a metadata for a column .
handles a bulk update operation .
forward project a lat / lon poly . this is a complex method . please read the in - code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm .
remove categories that contain a year in them ( starting with 19__ or 20__ ) , except for this year and previous year rationale : https : / / github . com / commons - app / apps - android - commons / issues / 47
constructs a new instance of this class .
check if all beans that need injection have been properly injected
set the indent of a new line based on the command provided in the supplied document .
attempts to convert a custom number to a string .
fill picks . column_id from c_order
creates a copy of the field .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is - 1 .
cast object to type t .
schedules a file to be deleted when jvm exits . if file is directory delete it and all sub - directories .
initialize and do work where other steps need to wait for . . .
prints the annotation for the given annotation .
add a point to the end of the polygon
obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied stream .
adds a forceitem to this adapter .
add an annotation to the element .
reads a boolean ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names .
initializes the format for the dataset produced . must be called before the generateexample or generateexamples methods are used . re - initializes the random number generator with the given seed .
returns natural logarithm of gamma function .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
starts the timer on the left side of the board .
returns the index of the smallest value
create a new pending action with the given id .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
shows the given text editor
resolve a new instance with the given name , if possible .
pick the set of points in pixels .
verifies the passed logrecord to check for tampering .
copies the clipboard ' s dependency to the clipboard .
formats the percent as a string .
translate attributes that describe an object class into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
updates the actions in each text just before showing the popup menu .
makes the object immutable .
track all the images in this tileset and adds them to the tracker
parse string to date
calls the plug - in method to be implemented by the user
perform a power - on self test .
fetch the all edges from the graph .
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the crls read from the given input stream instream . the instream may contain a sequence of der - encoded crls , or a pkcs # 7 crl set . this is a pkcs # 7 signeddata object , with the
deletes the extended entity configuration under the realm .
returns singleton instance of datasourcewindowmanager .
generate a tag for the inner leaving color and attribute values .
loads the xml cache .
does the work of getting the path .
creates a new legend object .
read from monitored file , report any changed values for udp statistics . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the buffered source reader and releases the buffer . nothing is done if this reader has already been closed .
compare the remaining shorts of this buffer to another byte buffer ' s remaining shorts .
writes the header for zones csv file
average aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time , for average value
extract a policy in the organization with the given parameters .
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
finds the implementation class object in the class inheritance hierarchy .
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e . g . my - field - name ) to a valid java field name ( e . g . myfieldname )
checks whether the username is set .
adds a content items .
creates a class name from the classname .
pause the calling thread the specified amount of time .
returns true if the component is in the game loop .
prepares the link analysis job .
removes wheel changing listener
convert from lpc to lpc coefficients .
generate to source code
indicates whether the server is currently visible .
initializes the channel factory .
removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the dotall option .
consumes the bounds for the scrollbar .
retrieves tracks matching the given query from the database .
release previously acquired shared access .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
adds the specified element at the end of this list .
closes the dialog system .
the text compaction mode includes all the printable ascii characters ( i . e . values from 32 to 126 ) and three ascii control characters : ht or tab ( ascii value 9 ) , lf or line feed ( ascii value 10 ) , and cr or carriage
create a new file / image / media attachment for a chat channel .
adds a parameter to the list , and sets its parent to this node .
constructs a createevent from the json serialized representation .
check if the full copy volume could be resynchronized .
reads a string of an empty string .
is the buffer absolute
resets the index time to the query .
creates a response object .
check the external storage and notify user on error .
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun , depending on the quantity . method to prevent collision of items and creatures .
verify the signature of the element
adds a video to the adapter and notify the change .
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle .
reads the turns of the visum file
makes sure the nal has a header or not .
method that needs to be called , if the main hash structure is ( may be ) shared . this happens every time something is added , even if addition is to the collision list ( since collision list index comes from lowest 8 bits of the primary hash entry
adds fieldset entry , equivalent of : | tab_name | fieldset # itemtype | multifieldlabel # itemlabel | value |
returns the number of members ( name / value pairs ) in this object .
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are values in the range 0 . . scale
parse a list of parameters from a string .
add a new token name for a particular site .
deserialize a string from uri
translates a panel ( component ) location to a java2d point .
sends a string over the already - established data socket
push a new context onto the stack .
creates a new panel object .
unmarshals an input stream from a file .
normalize a random real number from the distribution .
adds a location to the table .
create a new formatter .
encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
checks to see if there is a path that has been decoded .
warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
is output column name allowed
converts the given hex - color - string to rgb .
add a property change listener to this bean
preparedstatement . execute ( ) does not return false on update .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
subtract a number from zero . the number is negative .
restores the bug from the specified file .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
wait for the current thread to complete processing .
fill an array with the values of a minimum 3 - sample blackman - harris window function
some key wrap algorithms make use of the key checksum defined in cms [ cms - algorithms ] . this is used to provide an integrity check value for the key being wrapped . the algorithm is - compute the 20 octet sha - 1 hash on the key being
returns a hash code value for the object .
increments the number of milliseconds .
parse the sentence again , using the given conversation context .
sets the data directory if it exists .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
checks rule part with tag " specialposition " ; there is only the " type " attribute right now : checks if specialposition value of a token is the same as the value of the type attribute in the rule ; values : endofvorfeld , endofpar ( end of paragraph
return nulls for empty strings , as the entity engine can deal with nulls . this will provide blanks in fields where bigdecimal display . blank meaning null , vs . 0 which means 0
registers a required flag .
when request permissions on devices before android m ( android 6 . 0 , api level 23 ) do the granted or denied work directly according to the permission status
deletes sub groupcontainers in this group container .
creates a new plugin task .
called to initialize the compiler arguments .
open the output stream .
send next available byte
encode the object to a base64 string .
a service wrapper for the createimagemethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
add new profiles to the existing list of profiles
check if a string is a valid java identifier . spaces are not allowed fore or aft .
returns true if x1 is less than x2 , when both values are treated as unsigned .
move the node to the canvas
create a list from passed objx parameters
adds a macro record to this macro .
create zookeeper based on the port parameters .
add more qiscus user email to the chat room . for group chat .
returns the best hash provider supporting at least the given parameters .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
using sorting . if we use merge sort or heap sort then ( - ) ( nlogn ) in worst case . if we use quick sort then o ( n ^ 2 ) in worst case .
loads a an entry from the file .
calculates the sample likelihood and bic score for i given its parents in a simple sem model
removes the item from the adapter .
encode the types and return the types in an array of types .
clears the assertion from the list .
add operation results to the array to be returned .
generates the instructions for the given operator in the table .
add a switch port to maintenance queue .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
convenience method to copy a newly created realm this method should be called in legacy mode only .
returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
returns true if this selector is open .
tells the builder that a character range is valid .
this method creates a change copy of a virtual volume .
check if a script is enabled .
compares this finite field for equality with the specified object .
returns the name of this element type .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
computes checksum using md5 .
66575267 - gabriel saiz
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder . inserting null will use the stored null text value .
handles a mouse pressed event by recording the location of the mouse pointer ( so that later we can check that the click isn ' t part of a drag ) .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
loads the alone file from disk .
workflow step method for disabling an image access
computes the length of the rhumb path ( line of constant azimuth ) starting at this location and a specified latitude .
returns the first index of elt in the array , else - 1 .
returns the maximum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains .
reads the contents of the given inputstream into a string .
update the moving average with a new value .
log the specified entry .
remove the cut between two cells .
write string to buffer
glsurfaceview has default 16bit depth buffer
consume one stream from the topic .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
compare two version strings of form x . y . z , where x is major , y is minor , and z is less than version2 .
checks if a vector represents a pair of valid , non - infinite floating point numbers .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
change a ecos speed distance to a float speed .
removes a child node from the list of children .
notify that a class has been analyzed .
generates a pop2 instruction .
indicates if the mime type belongs to the application xml family .
creates a native page for the given url .
throws an exception if the specified information fails .
make the row changed .
creates a one - shot action with the given input .
returns the native type of the given type .
inspects a raw field type
adds the given token to the end of this list .
this is a generic service for traversing a content tree , typical of a blog response tree . it calls the contentworker . traverse method .
compare two double arrays using a given tolerance
creates a new dictionary containing the information read from the given directory .
collapse all coordinates in the given container .
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach one or more disks from a vm . on completion , the specified handler is invoked .
read an error message from the client .
show the item picker
persist a profile with the specified provider .
add undo action to the undo stack .
copy as many values as possible into the specified array .
adds a ping to the batch .
encode into canonical form .
tears down the fixture , for example , close a network connection . this method is called after a test is executed .
stop the given substring .
here we track changes in the route .
removes a custom sashform listener . this listener will be removed when this control is disposed .
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
delete a value stored in the project ' s datastore .
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
this also io errors that happened in the thread .
parses a string as a uuid .
writes the entire resultset to a csv file . the caller is responsible for closing the resultset .
test for a special case
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields . e . g . , if ip is not null we expect the device to have exactly one ip address . swid and port are the attachment point port . vlan and ip are optional all other fields must
adds a multi - year transition rule to the current window . < p > this adds a rule such that the offset , expressed as a daylight savings amount , changes at the beginning of the window .
returns the sum of the specified segments .
returns true if the native font is for this font
register a machine for the distributed system .
creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . this map will hold initialcapacity * loadfactor items before growing the backing table .
create a sequence containing one object
writes a blob using the gds . ng api .
sign a double value from a sign .
adds a near key .
analyze the given class and create a " public static final fields .
is the given log level currently enabled ?
loads all debugger of a debugger .
deletes the directory recursively .
runs the test case .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
store the all of the operation engine objects in the default place , including making a backup if needed
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
returns true if there are any unit that can be merged .
handles a track point for a point .
fire a property change from this object
checks that a the given substring is a valid type descriptor .
sort the field array using a quicksort
draws the background of the hex panel .
adds a unique attribute to the definition .
this method validates a deletedisksresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
runs the test case .
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix
return a new value instance .
constructs a new accesstoken backed with the data in the specified jsonvalue .
add a new style to the request .
extracts the client name from a fully - qualified name .
start a future that is asynchronously completed .
checks if a graphic is provided .
refreshes the markers displayed in this error strip .
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
reads all bytes from an input stream .
play / download a song if playing on the frost player .
converts a string to a initials .
encodes a collection onto the cache .
adds the specified data source in order to display it .
adds a value to the density estimator .
builds a checkbox row .
formats a date with the format and locale specified
indicates if a group is a child group , a non - top - level data group in a set of nested data groups ( e . g . , the node or edge table of a graph or tree ) .
throws the excpetion for when an attempt is made to write past the end of the instance .
returns the next available sequence , or null if empty .
global config for config changes
launch an email intent if the device is capable .
returns the number of elements in this array .
insert a item associated with the specified position of adapter
adds a translator , which is called whenever a class is loaded .
indicates that the main content has scrolled ( for the purposes of showing / hiding the action bar for the " action bar auto hide " effect ) . currenty and deltay may be exact ( if the underlying view supports it ) or may be approximate indications : deltay
writes a number of type char in little endian
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
if the main text matches the regex
writes this instance to the given file .
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
add a close callback hook
executes task r in the caller ' s thread , unless the executor has been shut down , in which case the task is discarded .
updates the range on both axes .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
read the configuration file .
applies players to the player
returns all the text at the given url .
adds a trace event to the trace list .
a new method that interrupts the worker thread .
register a default device to be registered .
remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
draws the chart tick lines .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns an insertion policy that indicates the tuple is to be inserted into the partition .
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
create a positive number from a string value and radix 2 .
this is heart of the code that determines if a given character is in the given encoding . this method is probably expensive , and the answer should be cached . < p > this method is not a public api , and should only be used internally within the
deletes the identity from the directory .
removes all highlights added to the text area by this listener .
enqueue the priority queue .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
adds the specified role to the list of roles .
creates a new panel object .
creates a date from the specified time zone .
sends the data to the server .
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
builds a list of snapshots from the index commit point
read this message off the wire from the specified bytebuffer
create a reply to a forum post . you must set the parent id for the post replying to .
returns true if this member is lenient .
looks up an html html element by key .
data from matlab . provided as the indices , linear arrays of values , and dimensions . the indices are expected to be sorted in increasing value and the real and imaginary values are to correspond to these indices .
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
updates the enabled status of the input fields and labels .
get the unique id of a hexadecimal
resets the 500 cache .
convert number - - > string ( using default and specified locales )
remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views to update .
shiftright ( int n ) , n is greater than bitlength ( )
show the filtered filter
calculates the number of pixels between two points .
add newly generated keys of a given key type to an existing keystore . the privatekey will be stored under the specified private alias name . the x509certificate will be stored on the public alias name and have the given subject distinguished name . if a ca is provided ,
called by the javascript interface .
creates a new file in the current directory
returns a vector2 containing the largest x and y values .
adds a call to the testcase .
serialize a serializer test .
check the blockmirror object to migrate the old consistencygroup field into the new consistencygroup list field .
adds a elf to the log manager .
remove a text listener
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
creates a identity provider .
clears the buffer , returning all allocations to the allocator .
apply matrix for fit_center
this method is called via reflection from the database .
adds a host to the shopping cart .
creates a temporary file on the given prefix .
partition a collection of target types by type .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
load data from file .
called when the entity is changed .
resolves the name of the last template loaded as a temporary file .
initializes the tool tip text for this component .
decodes an encoded string into a list of strings .
call this when you want to know the new location . if it returns true , the animation is not yet finished . loc will be altered to provide the new location .
sends a resource to the socket .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
renders the tuple expression as a string .
stop the sample fetching thread
reverses the order of the polygon points within the given list . < p > this method performs a simple list reverse .
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a spkac formatted csr .
a simple mechanism to initialize factory with dynamic binding
awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
parses container name from container .
format time to string
returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector .
left justify a string .
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator . the behavior of this operation is undefined if the specified collection is modified while the operation is in progress
updates this log , according to the information contained in the transferablestate object
converts a string into its java - style utf - 8 form . java - style utf - 8 differs from normal utf - 8 in the handling of character ' \ 0 ' and surrogate pairs .
creates a list of namevaluepair from a map
checks the given label can be added / removed to / from a vertex .
adds the specified message observer .
show the initial value .
converts a byte to hex digit and writes to the supplied buffer
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) .
generates a sample of a chi - square distribution .
read a fixed file
called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning . the code is used to lookup a localized message to be used when sending warnings to listeners .
returns true if the attribute has sub - known sub - known sub - known sub - sub - orgs for this parent .
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ) .
check if mineshafter is present .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
clear location of searchlightbits ( smini only ) bit - bitnumber of the low bit of an oscillating search light bit pair notes : bits are numbered from 0 two bits are cleared by each call - bit and bit + 1 . if either bit is already clear ,
constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain cutoff date .
calculate the optimum major tick distance . override to change default behaviour
test if there more records available
adds a new sample to the sample .
post requests for messages .
unset node as first element , or returns false if full .
convert an html encoded string to html
write a classfile data structure to a file .
computes the location of a great circle path .
creates a connection object for a peer .
returns a vector of vectors that contains the same objects as the array .
notify the version of the jvm
accept the drop is unacceptable .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user
returns a string representation of the capabilities
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
splits an array of nodes into a rectangle .
this method asks and returns a file size in bytes .
has the user chosen to import from pvk private key and certificate file combination ?
runs the optimizer flow analysis
returns true if and only if this engine is valid .
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta . if they are not an assertionfailederror is thrown with the given message . if the expected value is infinity then the delta value is ignored .
calculates the value of b across the set of extremal indices . implements oppenheim / schafer discrete time signal processing , 3e , 2016 , equation 115
decodes the provided bytes .
load the properties from csvfilepartitioner . properties
replace all occurrences of the pattern . the replacement object ' s replace ( ) method is called on each match , and it provides a replacement , which is placed literally ( i . e . , without interpreting $ 1 , $ 2 etc . )
returns a map of attribute name to set of string .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of this stream followed by all the elements of the other stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel . when
move the location of a component to a target container .
read the tree node in .
creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
creates a unit length vector in the given direction .
use openoffice to convert documents between types
returns an adjusted log10 value for graphing purposes . the first adjustment is that negative values are changed to positive during the calculations , and then the answer is negated at the end . the second is that , for values less than 10 , an increasingly large ( 0
clears all the data from this table
is last invoice costing method
set the ' http . proxyport ' & ' https . proxyport ' properties to the given port number . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
fetch the cluster name from the cluster name and consistency group name .
helper http function to get list of my service cards .
creates a new dviewsecretkey dialog .
samples migration events on a two - coloured branch , conditional on colours at both ends migration process is forwards in ( natural ) time , so we are going down the tree . returns a list of events , ordered forward in time ( i . e . colour
checks whether the given object is a string .
decodes an ascii string into a byte array .
list selection listener ( s )
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
creates an intent to the android app of choice
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field . the class argument is needed to check that reflective types and generic types match .
test the range of the first n - dimensional array of doubles .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , lsr # < shift_imm > ] ! 0b01 / lsr / if shift_imm = = 0 then / lsr # 32 / index = 0 else index = rm logical_shift_right shift_imm if u = = 1 then address
builds a row from a jsonarray .
returns the common layer , where both this item and p_other have a shape . returns - 1 , if such a layer does not exisr .
remove items from the given stack
save the indexes to the index .
add item in the last index
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
expand the location of the page and expand it if necessary .
advance to the next token .
save the provisioning to the database
write the extension to the deroutputstream .
this method processes export info for volumes .
create a cluster volume .
converts the specified integer to its string representation .
runs the test case .
write string in text format without checking buffer size .
add read record to the record .
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given stream .
add a specific type of this class
equality check that also succeeds if both are null .
convert an ofinstructionwriteactions to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
called before initial is executed
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
decode the feed log message
rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits and changing the order of each bytes .
shiftright ( int n ) , n is greater than bitlength ( )
resolve the class file .
builds a http get request
asserts that we have a label with the given text baring the given name
* test method to protect a list of elements .
initializes the stream tokenizer .
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
run the runnable loop .
reads the first header information .
lock api for locking of the file channel of the lock file .
open the datagram connection
returns a string describing classifier
helper method to execute a script .
disables a specific feature on this rich formatter .
removes a listener for zwave events to this controller .
returns the number of milliseconds since epoch .
add an array of items to the end of the existing items
quote the given name by prefixing it with a dollar ( $ )
static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance , but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
adds a list of tables to the database .
true iff there is a granted group .
( since linux 2 . 6 . 24 ) guest time of the process ' s children , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) .
find or create the canonical typereference instance for the given class .
method to reset the notes error after error display
set ticks based on a psptime struct .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items .
calculates the integer encoding of the provided quotient .
runs the test case .
returns the next token in the iteration .
converts to object array .
record audit log for config service
compute the mean of all elements in the array . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
constructs a timestamp from the given string .
selects media types that appear at the given media .
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
invalidates the buffer and fully initialized for use .
add a class files to the classpath .
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
tests this generator for equality with an arbitrary object .
returns true if the given node has a list of elements .
deletes the item at the given index .
returns the count of packages in this object .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8
checks the current user ' s permissions against the given object which may represent a single or multiple namespaces . allowed types are string or collection of string .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
create an intent to take the user to dialer , or any other app capable of making phone calls . use the first phone number available . if no phone number is found , or if the device is not capable of making phone calls ( i . e .
generate codeblock with all the parameters that match the filter parameters .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
remove an attribute from the list .
static helper method for parsing a field signature .
paints the preview with the specified drawing context .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
removes all the existing values from the series .
partition a chunk from the chunk list .
update ui of this and parent windows
clear all the results
find the widgets for the given container
print single - quoted ion symbol type
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart . note : this method will get the product entity and check to make sure it can be purchased .
returns a string representation for the distribution
updates the border text of the component .
add all classes in a hash map .
resets the references for streaming .
mpi encoded numbers are produced by the openssl bn_bn2mpi function . they consist of a 4 byte big endian length field , followed by the stated number of bytes representing the number in big endian format ( with a sign bit ) .
this method gets called when schema has changed .
given a vector of nodes , sort each node according to the criteria in the keys .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
add a message to the queue to be sent .
converts a query string to a command line .
write an int , 32 - bits . like dataoutputstream . writeint .
prints a long followed by a newline .
find a service for a given class .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
checks whether the declaration of the entity has been invalid .
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
parses the command line .
initialize the url with prefix parameters .
true if this record is suppressed by the answers in a message .
creates a properties object containing the properties of this packer .
use an xpath string to select a list of selected nodes .
gets an array of strings from a properties object .
generate a signed point between two lines .
compares two canonical objects
read a result set .
add distinct entry to list
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this comparator .
ends the current transaction .
creates a new panel object .
double the capacity of this deque . call only when full , i . e . , when head and tail have wrapped around to become equal .
displays the specified folder .
compute the url for a link url
load the manifest in the manifest .
convert a raw types of arrays .
adds a column to the key definition .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
removes the display from the display list .
returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state .
fire a query listener .
update a contact header .
create a new httpclient with reasonable defaults ( which you can update ) .
adds entry to future .
recursively visit all nodes and set edge weights
tests computing a positive number of helper texts .
deletes a file or directory .
removes existing values from the series .
add a group member .
creates a new logger instance .
increment the value of a bin .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
checks if a list of string contains a string while ignoring case
estimate the median value of a number .
loads the plugin lookup
stop the session invitation
set the ' http . keepalive ' property to the given value . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user ' s default video album . the video will be read from the specified file .
unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage , verifying the checksum .
creates socket connection to the server .
copies all the data from the node list
checks if the item is selected .
validates that the specified destination file is valid .
creates stream for decoding .
returns the next member to try .
109 * encode the suffix that ends every output line . by default 110 this method just prints a < newline > into the output stream . 111
whether context is system application
add url to the stack .
put all the fields that need to be stored in the document cache .
constructs a new factory .
creates a root block at the given offset .
creates a new request .
java . util . enumset # of ( e , e , e , e , e )
return the host uri , as a string .
earlier implementations of android ' s hostname verifier required that wildcard names wouldn ' t match " * . com " or similar . this was a nonstandard check that we ' ve since dropped . it is the ca ' s responsibility to not hand out certificates that match
determines if the target file exists .
moves this cursor forward until it points to a character in the specified character sequence .
generate an example of the dataset .
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
cas tail field . used only by enq .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
returns version object with the specified values .
return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . this method mimics the behavior of resourcebundle . getbundle ( ) .
choose pools based on remote vpool ' s matched or assigned pools
returns html markup for this object .
add a new pending lock to the manager . throws an exception if the lock would overlap an existing lock . once the lock is acquired it remains in this set as an acquired lock .
evaluates the uf7 problem .
notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null , the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadcache is invoked .
convert a move object to uci string format .
creates a new hidden - acceleration image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .
debugging function to display internal state .
writes string to given writer .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
expert : decreases the refcount of this taxonomyreader instance .
convert a certificate object to a dictionary .
run a set of rdf resources .
determine if the expression consists of prepositions .
builds the volumes used to identify the overall text .
evaluate the given alignment string .
adds all the provided xy series to the list .
exists with optional error message , usage show and exit code .
compares this term key to another term key . note that terms are unique only in conjunction with their associated split and flush .
merges this bounding box with the other .
generates an utterance stack trace element from the given stack .
this method flushes any pending events , which can be startdocument ( ) closing the opening tag of an element , or closing an open cdata section .
subscribe asynchronously to a server
initialize the internal view configuration .
create an extendedtype object from node type , namespace and local name . the hash code is calculated from the node type , namespace and local name .
validate some assumptions about the new locpathiterator and it ' s owner and the state of the list .
start collecting profiling data .
initialize the reference vectors .
undoes the last action .
removes the indicated column from the table
display information about the script as a string .
peek , returns true if successful .
scan and returns a chunk of this chunk .
returns the distribution ' s hashcode
balance segments for the segments .
creates a new annotation instance .
indicates whether this user has user partitions .
insert a string into the cache .
reads the next unicode code point .
put an int value out to the specified byte array position in big - endian format .
constructs a new item label .
constructs a tag for the given tag .
consumes a part of this status .
test to check igfs access .
adds a single outer join call syntax into the query .
splits the string into a directory
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue , or the specified wait time expires .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
returns number of entries in collection .
add an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to this .
writes a " short integer " in wsp format to the given output stream .
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the first is longer .
add a header to the header .
store the keystore changes .
appends a new pointer type relative to the given base type .
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
returns a string representation of the effect
convert an iterable stream into one first item of the stream .
sleeps specified number of milliseconds .
searches for the first occurence of the given argument , beginning the search at index , and testing for equality using the equals method .
learn whether a given set of modifiers implies package access .
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file .
creates a new window .
write bytes from the specified byte array to the stream .
send a log message if logging is enabled .
send update notifications to listeners
handles the remote reference to a remote resource .
returns a copy of the given file as a plain string .
inserts the provided string into a properties object .
scale the original font of a component by a given factor and change the style
draws a vertical label
save an x . 509 certificate from a string .
removes a listener that would be called when the central item of the list changes .
invokes the specified accessible parameterless method if it exists .
returns if the chart should be filled below the line .
if we receive any result , we can delete the temp retry info file
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check if packet was successful .
executes the given command .
returns true if the version number is supported , false otherwise .
clear the given view map .
1 . iterate through all tables in the database .
reads next variable length block from input .
add a new subscription to the session .
creates an instance of x . 509 certpath over the specified list of certificates .
reads an process configuration from the given input stream .
constructs a new topology instance .
builds a qualifier value for a qualifier .
shorten string to a desired length
blends the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
creates a new ui .
converts a given image into a bufferedimage
reads a sequence of values and the trailing closing brace ' ] ' of an array . the opening brace ' [ ' should have already been read . note that " [ ] " yields an empty array , but " [ , ] " returns a two -
hex string to byte
returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type .
remove the specified sensor selection listener .
writes a single character .
create a class loader , explicitly specifying the source dex and the location for the optimized dex .
register ttl manager of cache from periodical check on expired entries .
makes a java . sql . time from separate ints for hour , minute , and second .
initializes the log file for the given project .
convert a byte array to an image
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
clean stacking markers . < br > same logic as detection , but just returning string w / o
discards all discarded of the service .
state is final .
generate a range of max markers
writes a ' figtree ' block .
override hashcode . compute a hashcode based on our member values , rather than our ( base class ) object identity .
compares this map with another .
read the document ' s dtd .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
clean the database connection
create a new exception with a default value .
zlib compress 2 byte
loads an extension mime type .
report the start of dtd declarations , if any . any declarations are assumed to be in the internal subset unless otherwise indicated .
convert unix timestamp to a string .
encodes a byte array to a hexadecimal string .
prints a double followed by a newline .
returns a string representation of this object .
checks if the given host name string contains ' : ' as in ipv6 host address .
called when a client has been deleted .
returns a hash code value for this object .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
import a message to be imported
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
invoked when a failure exception occurs .
checks if the given identifier should be excluded .
determine if a request to solr failed due to a communication error , which is generally retry - able .
returns " true " as this is a reliable transport .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
get the max value plus one for a short
method for beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to fire a property change . you don ' t need this function for objects that extend java . awt . component .
encodes a string into its base64 form using standard java classes . unsafe characters are escaped .
creates and persists database entities required for the initiate a restore request testing .
create a page object
adds a key / value pair to a map
* saves the oat2dex on the given boot . oat file
appends an int record to the file .
write timestamp in binary format .
encodes the strings and returns the number of characters in the two encoded strings that are the same . this return value ranges from 0 through 4 : 0 indicates little or no similarity , and 4 indicates strong similarity or identical values .
convert a string to a stringbuffer .
deletes the backing file .
return a path for a given dimenisions .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
create a new client socket that connects to the given address and port .
this method is called when the user chooses to copy a bean by some means such by by pressing ctrl - c . this method tries to serialize the selected bean . if no bean is selected or the bean is not serializable , this method is a no -
tracks a new handler so that it can be removed in bulk .
action to be performed
adds an entry to the dataset list .
ensures that the children has at least as children .
initializes a uuid back to the playername .
print every value on a separate line . use the given number of spaces for indentation .
renders the handler in the given context .
constructs a timestamp from the name of the given scope .
in the case we are using the java select ( ) method , this method is used to trash the buggy selector and create a new one , registering all the sockets on it .
multiply two positive numbers of different length . the second is longer .
handle the channelinfo request message , which can also be from changing the channel info .
execute an insert / update / delete statement with number of affected rows returned .
current time from some arbitrary time base in the past , counting in nanoseconds , and not affected by settimeofday or similar system clock changes . this is appropriate to use when computing how much longer to wait for an interval to expire .
java . text . format # clone ( ) test of method java . text . format # clone ( ) . compare of internal variables of cloned objects .
send a request to the server and generate a future for the eventual reply . note that this call can block if there is no active connection while a new connection is re - established or if the maximum number of requests is already pending
returns true if the str is empty , false otherwise .
cas waitstatus field of a node .
enables the dependency of the given capability
extract variables map from variables body .
add an integer to the config
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
convert full - width letters in chinese fonts to normal half - width letters in ansi charset . numbers are not touched .
test whether two collections contains the same elements , regardless of the order in which the elements appear in the collections
checks if a response message contains a body .
returns the number of available ( i . e . unpinned ) buffers .
adds the given value .
checks if a delay should be triggered .
jumps to the previous or next best match given the parameters below . this may be inside the current word . for example , if the cursor is at index 1 in " hey bob " , and movebyword is called with returncursoratend = true , then the returned value
process a new view object , or place it on the startup queue .
deletes all the zones in the zoningmaps supplied in the zoningparams .
shut down the ui thread .
implements the standard icon interface ' s painticon method as the standard synth stub passes null for the context and this will cause us to not paint any thing , so we override here so that we can paint the enabled state if no synth context is available
this method changes image scale ( animating zoom for given duration ) , related to given center ( x , y ) .
returns map of repository to query filters .
returns whether a file is hidden or not .
ensures that the view is visible .
load a jar file
invalidates all cells in the tree .
adds a row to the logical hashtable
creates a jar with a class of the given name with the provided content . the classname may have a package separated by / . for example : my / package / myclass
jumps to the previous day
performs a search for the given key
closes database connection and logs if an error is encountered
add descriptive details about a specific message box , so that if it needs to be reset in the preferences , then it is easily identifiable . displayed to the user in the preferences gui .
add a color map listener
compute the lof values , using the pdist distances .
appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end in the suffix .
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
constructs an external problem using the process standard input .
returns true if the network is a monitor script of the given mbean class and false otherwise
attempt to recover from a syntax error . this returns false if recovery fails , true if it succeeds . recovery happens in 4 steps . first we pop the parse stack down to a point at which we have a shift out of the top - most state on
adds a query predicate that must be met by vertices .
adds a set of virtual dice with the given number of faces that start with the given value .
checks if the options of the options .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
pushes a message onto the stack
returns a random number between 0 and max .
test that striterator is closed after hasnext return false
called from pspge module
populates the tasknumber and list of tableblockinfo .
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
returns the tip text for this property
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an array of integers . the most significant byte is positive .
start scrolling based on a fling gesture . the distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of the fling .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
register a listener for event notifications .
below method will be used to clear all the stream
calculates the probability distribution for the given distribution .
returns a list containing a series .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
evaluates the cf6 problem .
send a fatal error log message
returns the number string list of the given string starting at the given index . e . g . , expandnumberat ( " 1100 " , 1 ) gives " one hundred "
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
runs the multiple objects .
return true if all constants have been set .
stops the specified connection .
expand the system identifier onto the base uri .
free a message with the specified index .
compares two characters ignoring case .
convert a uuid optionally to a uuid .
adds a vm arguments .
apply a visitor to a enum value .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two equal positive numbers .
test that a manifest with an activity with a launcher intent sub - card .
create the workflow method that is invoked by the workflow service to unlink a target from an array snapshot .
returns a reversed ( containing the front of the ring )
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
read a line of text .
adds the given items to the list of items .
returns the url of the product wiki page .
returns true if the specified file contains an integer info
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver ' s selection .
replaces a new type onto the output frame stack .
handles create realm request .
tests if a point is inside the polygon .
removes the specified key and its associated value from the given subtree .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
called when the request progress , override to handle in your own code
instantiates a new node with the specified value .
creates a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls , calculated relative to the default time zone .
generates a code for the attribute .
initializes a binary file
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
create a file , if the file exists is not created .
or for zero and one
executes a prepared statement using values supplied as arguments .
creates a configuration object .
ensures that a string is not empty .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
cancel all running tasks
calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
update query and header parameters based on authentication settings .
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed , and then removes the unneeded spaces
initializes a default experiment .
removes all bookmark tracking icons .
creates a new metric .
returns true if the point is inside our polygon
resolve the specified loader , using the extension class loader .
obtains a list of all local non - loopback ips known to this jvm . note that this will include both ipv4 and ipv6 addresses ( even if one " resolves " into another ) . loopbacks will be skipped .
calculates the sample size for the resampling process .
returns true if status is status .
returns a string representation of this graph .
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
removes the channel map from this model
adds the specified object to the priority queue .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
adds a resource value to the request .
reads a " message set " argument , and parses into an idset . this also support the use of $ as sequence - set as stated in searchres rfc5182
replaces the given string with a suffix
executes the specified task .
creates a directory unless it already exists .
method to handle update button
loads a class file by a given class loader .
get an iterator over the target elements .
fit the size of the page .
computes the hash code for this principal .
builds a map pool - name = > pool - index from the snmptablehandler of the jvmmempooltable .
creates a new dcryptostrength dialog .
creates a horizontal separator .
adds the specified object at the end of the array .
rebuilds the dataset based on the given realmresults .
generate a signature for the loaded message using the key we were initialised with .
compute compute test set covariances
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer
write the bytes to byte array .
opens the intent file .
converts a date string into a java . sql . date
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
might have different semantics than math . round ( double ) , see bugs 6430675 and 8010430 .
creates a new plaintext component with the given short
copies this attribute and returns a new copy .
returns a string representation of the date .
defines a new ignored " it " block .
creates a writable file ' s path dirs and returns true if succeed . the difference from file . mkdirs ( ) is that mkdirs ( ) returns false in both cases : it can ' t create path or path already exists . this method will return false if
returns a string that displays and identifies this object ' s properties .
creates a new authentication configuration object .
reads the field to the output .
skip ( long n ) method testing . tests that the method correctly skips the bytes .
add a char to the string buffer .
returns the hash code for this attribute type . it will be calculated as the hash code of the numeric oid .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
creates a repository location .
this method will be used to add a new property
creates the delta tree corresponding to the given element .
returns a string representation of the title
returns the number of sentences in the knowledge base .
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
tests if the given coordinate is in the target coordinates .
returns the tip text for this property
create a new instance .
parses a double safely . returning a default if nothing can be sanely parsed from it
a lame attempt to prevent duplicate application id . todo : we should expose appid - > appname map via rest api so cli doesn ' t need a separate copy of the map .
add a profile . this will remove duplicates .
prints a character to the stream .
initializes the workspace views .
clears all cached discovery data of a given single sign on token id
creates a new dnetscapecapolicyurl dialog .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
parses a comma - separated list of integers , with range - checking .
creates a new directory or file .
below method will be used to clear all the stream
construct a dense initial value .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
parse an individual sip message header from a string .
helper function to convert a color component in linear rgb space to srgb space . used to build a static lookup table .
records the beginning of the module .
rotate point p around center point c .
returns true if the given word is pronounceable . this method is originally called us_aswd ( ) in flite 1 . 1 .
adds an intersection into the list , if it isn ' t already there . the input segmentindex and dist are expected to be normalized .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
create a new instance .
updates the maximum maximum values range .
enable / disable the export menu .
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .
this method may be invoked when the current page is contained in a collection
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
adds ids to the filter .
stops a previously started monitor if it exists . doesn ' t add value
normalizes the path part of the uri .
invokes the specified outputstream .
commits any local transaction .
add an attribute to the class .
populate the location list by area
parse a domain name starting at the given offset .
concatenates two byte arrays .
returns the log - odds for a given probabilitiy .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
creates a deep copy of the given tree
returns the node ' s current node .
adds a host to the blacklist with the given timeout .
method to add a node to the end of the node list
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
saves this map to a stream ( that is , serializes it ) .
compute p_i ( gaussian distribution , outliers )
insert a new entry by replacing a bad entry .
translates the current transform . calls writetransform ( transform ) .
checks to see if the remove protection operation is supported .
writes the property in a safe serialization format .
write the spaces to the writer .
computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables .
handles the resource item
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer , possible moving existing data around if necessary
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
sorts the method in the given descriptor .
parse a property list .
determines whether any of t ' s outer classes , if they exist , have a particular annotation .
builds the tooltip for used for nodes that represent multiple graph nodes .
make a graph link for graph .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
removing item click listener to this view
find a position that can be selected ( i . e . , is not a separator ) .
pad a string on the left with spaces till it is at least the specified length .
returns the matching rule with the provided locale .
check whether the given class is cache - safe in the given context , i . e . whether it is loaded by the given classloader or a parent of it .
writes the algorithm ' s internal representation as text .
creates a part from the encoded and decoded strings .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
creates an epoch associated with a year and year .
convert a descriptor into an internal name .
registers a new mbean with the mbeanserver .
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
asynchronously perform a stream reduction
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors . e . g . , for enums , the reflection accessors use enumvaluedescriptors but the native accessors use the generated enum type .
registers an allocated section .
copies the reil code for a code node .
this isn ' t what the ri does . the ri doesn ' t have hard - coded defaults , so supplying your own " content . types . user . table " means you don ' t get any of the built - ins , and the built -
reads string data from a reader
compute the similarity between two texts .
force overflow of the overflow flag .
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters .
divide and conquer brownian bridge
construct new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern . the pattern may contain two special characters : < br > ' * ' means zero or more characters < br > ' ? ' means one and only one character
merge two double arrays .
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
copies the text from the start to the end
handles save button request .
builds the description text pane .
creates an httprequest with method and client .
create a signer for the with either implicit or explicit trailers for iso9796 - 2 .
decode the base 64 encoded text data writing it to the given output stream .
extract values from the collection .
whether the stack is running on a htc device
converts the given string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
returns lowest node . this node might not be in range , so most usages need to check bounds .
returns the number of sub - predicate clauses .
creates a line primitive with a specified color for each point .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
compute the length of a vector
determine the drop action from the event
adds a variable to set to the clause .
step to the next hashmap value , if any , reset svcs and svcidx , and return false if everything exhausted .
creates a list of icon .
checks the network connect status .
assigns a thread to the declared manager .
validate attrset according to the definition of required and optional attributes defined in the template .
check if an object is an instance of a given class , or , if the class is a primitive type , if the object is an instance of the wrapper class for that primitive ( e . g . , as integer is a wrapper for int ) .
this method initialises the list of listeners .
adds a command to the menu .
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
density function of normal distribution .
draws a decorated shape
tear down after testing .
load the list of parsing .
eventually sets to the given value .
returns a list of objects such that two nodes are equal if their lists are equal . be careful : the lists may contain namednodemaps and nodes , neither of which override object . equals ( ) . such values must be compared manually .
deprecated . util . collections . collections . collections .
decode from base 64 .
removes all mappings from this job .
clearbit ( int n ) outside zero
given a number , return a string that is in the canonical format .
stop the src speed
encode the name in der form to the stream .
make a new dirty change
creates an array list and fills it with elements of this list . used by toarray .
removes the given connection from the list of connections to be closed when idle . this will return true if the connection is still valid , and false if the connection should be considered expired and not used .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
splits a string on a separator .
routine to convert a string to an unsigned long .
return the standard error of the sample kurtosis . ref : r . r . sokal , f . j . rohlf , biometry : the principles and practice of statistics in biological research ( w . h . freeman and company , new york , 1998 , 3rd edition
load the policyinformationtablemodel with policy qualifier info .
run the given script ( used once ) .
do a subtree leap move .
returns the index of the first or last markersegment in the list of the given class , or - 1 if none is found .
removes all statuses from the axis .
create a contentassoc method . the work is done in this separate method so that complex services that need this functionality do not need to incur the reflection performance penalty .
resets the contents of this body .
deletes item at array index removeindex . utility for remove ( object ) and iterator . remove . call only when holding lock .
save the timer to the save .
add an sms to the given uri .
subscribes to an observable , printing all its emissions . blocks until the observable calls oncompleted or onerror .
calculate the standard error of the noncentral chi - squared distribution .
implementation for the four public remove / replace methods : replaces node value with v , conditional upon match of cv if non - null . if resulting value is null , delete .
copies a header from a request
send a metric to the registered metric .
sets all fields named in the provided predicate .
finds the resource with the specified url .
renders the object model in it ' s epl syntax textual representation .
determines if the character at the specified position in the target .
creates a new archive .
initialize socket port forwarding .
reads a block from a given location .
determines whether any tag should match .
close this connection to the server .
determines if the given row is expanded .
returns the end of the label in a string .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent events through the life of an animation , such as start , repeat , and end .
creates a new defaulthttpmethodretryhandler .
checks repeated bytes field equality . only non - null elements are tested . returns true if the two fields have the same sequence of non - null elements . null - value fields and fields of any length with only null elements are considered equal .
draws the specified text area .
update the list of areas
indicates whether the parameter is required .
sends a message to the device .
replace either regular expression potentially matches the empty string .
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
print the matrix to the output stream . line the elements up in columns with a fortran - like ' fw . d ' style format .
answers a set backed by a map . and the map must be empty when this method is called .
removes all biomes of this type to the list of biomes allowed to generate
calculate a tiled layout for the given iterator .
converts an integer to a string , prepended with a variable amount of ' 0 ' pad characters , and writes it to the given writer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
creates a filter from a list of filters .
send a blob using the given instruction .
defines what will be the axis labels
merges the ranges from this interval set .
drop an array of the equivalent gstring method .
adds a node to the list
print text on console .
trims an array to be exactly the target size .
recursive call to further subdivide the array .
checks that thread does not terminate within the given millisecond delay .
create a new worker manager manager .
apply this instance to the given data .
on message received handler
insert the via padstacks .
returns true if , for one of the buffers , the threshold has been exceeded .
converts string to byte array .
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
for f format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . ' + ' character means that the conversion will always begin with a sign ( +
returns the length of the passed in string .
write a portion of an array of characters .
rounds this point , so that if this point is on the right side of any directed line with direction p_dir , the result point will also be on the right side .
determines a proxy for the given target .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this list . ( in other words ,
indicates whether the server is currently running .
decrypt the given zip file .
register the given username , password combination .
select the columns in the builder .
checks if the class under test implements the specified classloader
to string set . < p > warn : bypasses auto - escaping , caller handles . ( e . g . the object wrapper used to rewrap the result ) .
loads the keystore from the specified inputstream .
write a location to the object .
this method returns the offset in the file .
evaluates the xpath expression as a long .
converts http headers into a http / 2 headers .
calculates the playback of an audio data based on the current level
initialize the shader program .
checks if the given alias exists in this keystore .
invert the set of relations selected in the table . don ' t change the state of any relation .
float value of a negative bigdecimal
binds a key store to the service .
the graphical representation of a series .
is the given instruction part of this subroutine ?
load the builder manager .
tell if the current node is outside the document element .
creates a new thread pool .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
clears the penetration information .
returns the name of this element type .
adds a specific helper text color , which should not be used to highlight the helper text , which indicates the password strength , anymore .
transitions to the next virtual machine .
creates a new listbasedtokenstream which uses the given tokens as its token source .
resolve a class specified by the descriptor using the specified classloader or the super classloader .
creates a new map based from an existing map with just valid parameters . tries to convert parameters to required type .
retrieve a byte from a byte array .
add a collection of seeds to the graph .
add a new state
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
retries regcreatekeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
add a new ui task
initialize the compute shader .
sorts the elements in place
creates an object from a byte buffer .
generate group name based on policy and host settings , which doesn ' t exist in array already .
test method from apache derby project class org . apache . derbytesting . functiontests . tests . jdbcapi . databasemetadatatest takes a result set and an array of expected column types from java . sql . types and asserts that the column types in the result set metadata match the
creates a new action handler .
add a new row to the table .
pushes the new term to the top of the stack , and writes new blocks .
create a new numericliteral .
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the children .
cas head field . used only by enq .
ensure the buffer is large enough .
remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
returns a new map with the same mappings as the given map .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
skips all whitespace from the reader .
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of a collection . the constructed priority queue has the initial capacity of 110 % of the size of the collection . the queue uses natural ordering to order its elements .
returns the id of this node .
see above for explanation .
returns true if the initial content is initial , false otherwise .
replaces sequences of whitespaces with tabs .
processes the given container schema . configuration file with default definitions .
state is aborted ( environment / setup issue )
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
http : / / b / 3042574 gzipinputstream . skip ( ) causing crc failures
creates a data package with information used by the server when responding to requests
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
creates a new memory communication server .
close the datagram connection
creates a new version object from the current one , but removes the given qualifier from it if it exists .
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string for display
unregister all baggage handler that is invoked any time baggage operations are performed on valid baggages
creates a new map with the specified initial x and y values .
compares two values in the array .
collects the start of a text node , if it exists .
oracle annotation instance with given values .
parse expression using xpath expression .
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections .
compute the numerical distribution
flush the internal buffer
removes a character from the buffer .
add a plotter to the graph , which will be used to plot entries
utility for ceiling , floor , lower , higher methods .
add a listener to this eventdispatcher .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
returns true if there is another match in the input , starting from the given position . the region is ignored .
reacts to somebody pressing the return key in this string .
check whether the given charsequence contains any whitespace characters .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
decode the given value using the specified coder , and returns the base64 encoding of the encoded bytes .
checks if the data set is set .
adds values to the first value
returns the list of foos where field2 = & # 63 ; .
does the work of a function .
adds a long value to the request .
compare the two objects to determine the relative ordering .
add an actionlistener for this checkbox .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
subtract a polynomial from this one .
returns a string representation of this object .
get the first field of the given class .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
send a warning log message
updates the key ready ops and selected key set .
extracts the first element of this list .
handles actions from within the property panel .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts ) illegalstateexception should be thrown .
upgrades a server instance .
creates an instance of a class .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
create a msrp session
create a new forum post . you must set the forum id for the post .
draws the caret on a given graphics context .
called when component has changed .
get the string represenentation of this step for diagnostic purposes .
description of the method
this method gets called when a label is changed .
writes bytes to the socket .
update the point listener
joins this task , without returning its result or throwing its exception . this method may be useful when processing collections of tasks when some have been cancelled or otherwise known to have aborted .
return the value of slide based on left and width of the element
creates a new http request .
convert a panel to a panel .
forwards http get request .
get primary keys for caching
reads long as little endian .
converts a token text node to a human readable string .
adds a new csv record to the list .
this method should not raise any exceptions .
spins / yields / blocks until node s is matched or caller gives up .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
finds a producer for the given target type .
initialize the compute shader .
handler method called upon receipt of a rset command . if the response reflects an operation failure .
center set of nodes half way between top and bottom most node in the list
append text to the internal buffer .
retrieve the state of the labels when orientation screen changed .
constructs a new instance .
undoes the last action
method check , if internet is available .
close the underlying writer .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
processes the specified file .
extracts unique musicid from the mediaid . mediaid is , by this sample ' s convention , a concatenation of category ( eg " by_genre " ) , categoryvalue ( eg " classical " ) and unique musicid . this is necessary so we know where the user selected the
verify identity . getscope ( ) returns identity ' s scope
build a list of parameters that can be provided to a method .
this is a fast operation ( logarithmic in the size of the cell union ) .
creates a seeded simplex noise generator with the given random
converts to primitive array .
processes one line of the entire input file .
lazily construct the lookup table for this schema . used to accelerate name - based lookups of schema information .
returns a string representation of the object
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
adjusts the indentation to the given level
retrieves the maximum weighted capacity of the map .
get the code of the token .
get a random , positive whole number
test verifies that we can write and then read back a record .
searches for the file and a list of paths
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don ' t handle any extensions !
internal method to perform the normalization .
appends the string associated with the range in which the specified double value fits to the specified string buffer .
loads configuration from the jvm .
obtains the url to the server .
caches must be cleared . session . reconnect only closes the diskfile ( which is associated with the cache ) .
return true if the given amount of units .
creates an element tag .
modifies the contents of a file into a string .
the commands to execute when in state 2 .
tests the listing of the options
return the location of a great circle path between two locations .
notifies when the size or the orientation of the view has actually changed .
remove a layout
process notification of the end of an xml element being reached .
convert an image to a matrix
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
gets number of write requests in a queue that have not been processed yet .
constructs a new daccessdescriptionchooser dialog .
clears any references the scene is holding for its contents . this does not clear the items themselves as they may be held by some other scene .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
adds a mitre join connecting the two reflex offset segments . the mitre will be beveled if it exceeds the mitre ratio limit .
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
multiply two numbers of different scales
limit leaseduration by limit , and check for negative value .
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
returns string from double formatted to decimalformat ( " # # # . 00 " )
creates a new generator with the specified number formatter .
a method to ask permissions
creates a new oid .
cache an attribute value pair to cache
reads a policy configuration into the policy object using a reader object . < p >
extract value from provider for given volume info key , and then get its name and use that to inject to map .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
loads the specified file into the table
called when the destination is changed .
gzip compress a string of bytes
returns the hash code for this object .
builds a new fuzzyquery instance
creates an identity provider .
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index . the capacity of the vector is simply doubled until it can accomodate its size .
performs a command line synchronously .
loads hex values from the hex
triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
encodes binary data using the base64 algorithm , optionally chunking the output into 76 character blocks .
writes out a source / sink specification object for java method parameters
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . this method must have the standard signature for a readobject method , and the body of the method must begin with " s . defaultreadobject ( ) ; " . other than that , any semantic checks can be specified and
parses the data from the supplied reader , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
excludes from the output any text .
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
add a file to the classpath .
inserts a items at a specified position .
put all of the elements in the specified collection into the summary information .
return an intbuffer that accesses the minor version number . this is used to create a monitor object for this value .
the template source definition .
creates the digest of the given digest object .
if a value is modified .
return the temporary journal that omits redundant information .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
create an instance of a class .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
prints an error message .
a method for other parts of the application to get stats the command processor uses this to report stats on request
apply the parameter and return the hastings ratio .
this method cannot be called directly .
returns all the text at the given url .
loads the move participants for the given element .
determine the preference associated with the specified relation .
paint the arrow in pressed state .
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
sets up the user state .
returns true if there are more parsing events and false if there are no more events . this method will return false if the current state of the xmlstreamreader is end_document
close the datagram connection
extracts xmpmeta from a jpeg image file stream .
initialize the validator model .
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets bayesnet parent sets .
resets the engine to initial state .
displays the given perspective , identified by the name .
turn a phred score into a probability
returns the descriptor representing the given type .
get the string encoded version of this object
consumes the given token if it ' s of the expected type .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ) . updates values in a several columns in the table
this test initially was created to find the bug when longvarchar column is used , but it revealed the bug with blobs . we try to execute some blob updates one by one in non - autocommit mode . this tests if transaction is started before the blob is created
check if this type is assignable from the given type .
method used to insert advance collection in egdemanddetail table .
return the probe ' s byte buffer .
handle service periodic maintenance calls .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
times and records the duration of event .
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1 . 5 + compatible bytecode version .
a specialized simplified mapping source method , takes the form of simple properties definition : ( " field1 " , " type = string , store = true " ) .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
finds the first enabled template that matches the name .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
add a circularprogressviewlistener with this view
creates a new site .
render the given transform .
method for beancontextchild interface .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
reset all the variables in the given array .
releases the app back to the app .
deletes all the tables in the database .
finds one category for the given category .
mark a default session token as removed for a particular site .
inserts a list of volumes to a consistency group .
construct a request without a origin .
computes the alpha value of the tab based on its discard status .
converts filetime to " standard unix time " .
generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key . then attaches a hashed mac , which is contained in the ciphertextivmac class .
removes the address from this user
measures the width and height of the view , preserving the aspect ratio of the image displayed if wrap_content is used . the image will scale within this box , not resizing the view as it is zoomed .
to fire off the end element trace event
verifies if the passed in are valid .
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
formats the given message .
for a given utterance or token , see if there are any prosodic settings defined , and if so , create a corresponding prosody element as a child of inserthere .
create a folder , if the folder exists is not created .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
creates the ticker text for a notification having | title | and | body | . the notification ' s title will be printed in bold , followed by the text of the body .
verify whether protocoltype already exists or not . if it doesn ' t exist then add .
provides detailed description of this annotation instance , including all member name - values pairs .
adds the key to the list .
loads configuration from a resource .
log a message into the log file .
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
construct a public key from its encoding .
return the result count for the given search query . to allow quick repeated look ups , the hit count is cached ( this cache is cleared whenever a change to the search index occurs ) .
test whether the given expression is a floating point expression .
adds a new header with the name and value . this may be used to add multiple headers with the same name .
perform an asynchronous max operation
writes a character array followed by a newline .
test verifies that we can write and then read back a record .
puts the entire lexicon into the cache .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
extracts and returns the indentation for a given string .
does the work of getting the path .
performs a random knn query in the specified subtree .
tries to add a new location .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is negative ; equidistant
encodes a string into base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are inserted .
slide the panel depending on the panel .
add a initial draweritem or a draweritem array for the stickydrawerfooter
test whether to log ' debug ' at ' finer ' level
sorts the specified sub - array of longs into ascending order .
reset the list for a fresh visitation and collection .
returns the closest float approximation of the cosine of the argument .
render the react markup
extracts the data from a file .
create a new session id .
compute a cardinal spline , a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of points . cardinal splines maintain c ( 1 ) continuity , ensuring the connected spline segments form a differentiable curve , ensuring at least a minimum level of smoothness .
returns an automaton that accepts the intersection of the languages of the given automata . < p > complexity : linear in total number of states .
tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence . case insensitive .
finds the root node .
compares two strings lexicographically .
returns true if the device contains superuser . apk which is stored into the device in the rooting process .
adds an expression to the expression .
track a motion scroll
called when the iterator is rest
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
writes an float field value .
extracts the column keys and data for a single line from the input source .
draws a polygon with the given parameters .
this method will convert and fill list of byte buffer to list of byte array
creates an instance of a class using the specified classloader
the derived key function , the ith hash of the password and the salt .
make sure that system . runfinalization ( ) returns even if the finalization queue is never completely empty . http : / / b / 4193517
shows the options options dialog .
computes the width of a string .
queries whether text should be added .
actionlistener interface method listens to the timer .
converte localdatetime para string indicando o formato da tostring
creates a new data source .
create email from user
creates a new instance of the url .
adds a changelistener to the panel
initializes a new instance .
create a new cell .
initialization method where we fill configuration values and check some prerequisites
puts an element into the dom document .
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
compares interval to this interval and returns true if they are equal .
rounds the absolute path relative to the absolute url .
start timing and task .
load from the store .
modifies the instructions for a given instruction .
close a inputstream passed in .
advance to the next token .
parses the last consonant .
create a new panel object .
this method removes gaps from the graph . it doesn ' t perform any concentration . it takes as an argument of int [ ] of length m_nodes . size ( ) containing the level of each node .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
execute some test data .
convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
returns the list of platform .
used in chaining requests . if set to true , dependents of this will not continue to execute .
checks whether the given object is a date object .
converts config to xml ,
build a list of all possible points .
heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap .
branches are initially compressed , needing one node per key plus the size of the string key . they are decompressed as needed when another key with same prefix is inserted . this saves a lot of space , specially for long keys .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
test if file is subtitle format
write the constant to the output stream
initializes the default properties .
add a network to the network vm .
appends content prefix to buffer . < p > scipio : note : orig ofbiz method .
add an error listener .
validate a class name .
imports the base type substitutions .
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node .
record volume related event and audit
creates a core token service exception .
creates a new dnetscapesslservername dialog .
computes the dynamic proxy directories in the class inheritance hierarchy .
trim the given number by a character .
skip the specified number of bytes .
removes an entry from the directory .
removes a group listener .
creates a new instance of threadpool
extracts the key to use for a key .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
transforms all the strings in the original collection to the given class objects and adds them to the given resulting collection .
grab the background of the input panel .
construct a new component manager .
clears the observer list so that this object no longer has any observers .
decode the source bytes from a byte array .
calculates the hmac - md5 hash of the given password
creates a new message logger .
unzips all bytes from the input stream .
insert a combo box .
in the standard coroutine architecture , coroutines are identified by their method names and are launched and run up to their first yield by simply resuming them ; its ' s presumed that this recognizes the not - already - running case and does the right thing . we seem
declare the error in a string of error correction
encodes the number as a json string .
creates a map from a name / value pair string
tests the functionality of this store and verifies that each entry in the tmp store .
returns the set of keys of this map .
start the audio buffer
create a new instance .
creates a new native instance .
indent out the height of a given height .
sets the supplied calendar object with 0 values for fields lower than hour
if prefix already exists .
returns the distance from a list of all points of a ring .
trim to max character length
schedule an timer for future .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
re - create a random session key .
log information about the current thread .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a literal value , inline array , or inline object . also adjusts the stack to expect either a closing bracket or another element .
hashes the string contents ( assumed to be utf - 8 ) using the sha - 256 algorithm .
the format of this native guid is computesystem + ipaddress + port
tests whether a servlet api version 2 . 3 descriptor is correctly detected .
equals implementation using a business key .
log an error message .
removed an event listener from this transaction .
creates a new execution system .
returns true if the specified element is a command type .
send a report to the report
returns whether this string starts with the specified prefix .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
check that types with the same jdbc data type are ordered by closest match to the standard jdbc type .
determines the height of this view
handle a mousemoved mouselistener event .
format the given values .
emit a new comment except variables .
draws the right edge of the border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted edge
analyze the cleanup and events .
execute update . saves " dbexecuteerror " in log
returns microseconds running in the current thread .
builds a list of entries from the provided lines of ldif .
removes all parser highlights .
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
format a long into an existing array .
appends a character to the buffer .
checks to see if this user has read permission on the specified order
determine if the param is an annotation .
check if this block is equivalent to othertype .
computes the hash code for this principal .
this value takes timestamps into account and is the actual value embedded in the cache file .
returns whether the label can be displayed .
creates a new dgeneratesecretkey dialog .
open a connection to the server .
install package normal by system intent
createinsertlist removes redundant items from itemdraglist
read the slot file and return the content object
decode the length of a run number .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
returns whether the handshake phase has is completed . in case of a broken handshake this will be never the case .
creates a new constraint .
inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration string according to the syntax spec .
the other party has breached the contract and submitted an old channel transaction .
construct fancyloader , grabbing a reference to the dexfile class if we ' re running under dalvik .
returns true if the source file has been modified .
performs the native flip operation for the given peer .
load value from property string value
returns map < string , set < string > > .
draw a circle with a canvas
compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 6
convert a string to an integer . the base is 10 .
resets the display list
copies the the given sourcefile to destfile , overwriting it , in case it exists .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
record log file info .
loads the rewrites from the command line
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes the connection to the peer if it is open
recursively decends in the tree .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
create a negative number from an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
formats the given double value .
remove positions of the items
reset the shape for a view ' s title
attempts to prepare the provided colour .
remove all possible pawn moves from the given position .
returns the effective numerical matrix rank , which is the number of nonnegligible singular values .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
executes the modifiable variable
save the content of a file
deletes old log file
warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
flush and close the unisolated connection ( if open ) .
return a byte array that contains the jpeg encoded image .
forces the item visible .
get the mqtt topic for an device event .
returns the result of the last matching operation . < p > the next * and find * methods return the match result in the case of a successful match .
copy guidelines from the exported project
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
decodes a url safe string into its original form using the default string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
create a new instance .
called after security check for system loader access checks have been made .
creates a new instance of the given style .
convert a color to an angle .
parses an encoded size spec and returns the size .
encodes the query parameter using utf - 8 and adds it to this url ' s query string .
create image with name , id of button_name and set m_command onclick
creates a new namespace .
atomically decrements by one the current value .
update waves and bubbles positions .
clears the given script .
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
update the last committed date .
remove the specified ui control type .
makes this object immutable .
provides an order of the knn - distances for all objects within the specified database .
internal method to handle the selections if items are added / removed
appends the given id to the given buffer , followed by " \ \ e " . [ steal it from opentsdb , thanks opentsdb : ) https : / / github . com / opentsdb / opentsdb / blob / master / src / core / tsdbquery . java
creates a new available migration with this version .
receive notification of a comment .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
sets the title of the page .
select all counters in the array .
add a field with the specified value .
return the number of objects in this set .
like datainputstream . readint except little endian and for unsigned integers .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
adds a pause listener to this animation .
makes this object immutable .
writes a batch of instances .
add a single component to the identifier . the given component is added to the end of the identifier . duplicate instances are not added - - only one instance of a component will exist in the identifier .
opens the url to the given uri .
marks a line as needing a repaint .
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . the databuffer is not initialized and must be a databufferint compatible with samplemodel . samplemodel must be of type singlepixelpackedsamplemodel .
initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
removes and returns last element , or null if empty .
checks whether an mbean implements notification support classes or not .
reads the process output of the process .
fill field values to default values for this example .
adds an operand to the end of the list .
decodes a string into its url safe form . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
calculate the total number of times to calculate the total amount entered in the range 0 .
skips the specified number of characters .
unit test for concurrent modification resulting from insert ( ) and remove ( ) including ( a ) where the root leaf is split by the insert ( ) and ( b ) where remove ( ) causes an underflow that triggers a join of the leaf with its sibling
removes all ims from this entity
escapes a string for use in ascii property lists .
set the content by converting characters to into bytes using the specified encoding .
clears the dictionary cache .
returns the arguments passed to string the argument .
renames a file . < p / > can only be used for regular files , not directories .
executes a command on the remote system .
a set of kindname ( s ) representing a set of symbol ' s kinds .
returns the length , in characters , of the text managed by this textview
serialize the object to a string
collect together the languages supported by the given services and call back once done .
this is the method that can be used to locate the specified encoding .
convert a bufferedimage to rgb colourspace ( used when i clip the image ) .
start the timer . if it is already running , the old start time is lost .
go to the next view using the animator passed in
dmitri ilyin : makes sure if the string is hh encoded sign .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
caches the virtual method simulatemethod .
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number
destroy the managed beans from the given view map .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
returns the node at the specified index .
returns the visible font of the text .
create a directory if it does not exist . all parent directories must already exist .
create an encoder using the given base and aes wrapping key .
encode to a level specific geohash string
extract the weight values weights .
flush any buffered messages and close all the files .
returns true if the array contains at least one of the other protocols .
ensures that the specified number of additional bytes will fit in this byte string builder and resizes it if necessary .
helper function to check that the country calling code of the number matches the region it ' s being dialed from .
trims a url to ensure it ends with a " / "
returns the next block in the sketch .
adds the colors translucency by alpha [ 0 . . 1 ] with respect to the original color alpha .
stops the server at the end
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
copies the given information into this operand .
load headers for this object
attempts to prepare the socket .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
construct new empty base component .
inserts the specified part at the specified position .
inserts the value into this builder .
checks if the given nature is a nature and weapon .
dump information about the given message ids .
returns node holding key or null if no such , clearing out any deleted nodes seen along the way . repeatedly traverses at base - level looking for key starting at predecessor returned from findpredecessor , processing base - level deletions as encountered . some callers rely on this side
parses the sort field .
opens the dynamicregionfactory with default settings .
this can be used to find a disappearing type from an optional .
advances the api to the latest time tree that is > = mintime and < = maxtime . if this is not possible , will advance even further to the earliest time after maxtime
this method calls proc updateservers and updates the record passed . it also validates the values passed .
forges and sends the options request
setup and run a test .
prints the thread dump information with locks info to the given outputstream .
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
compute the maximum of two values
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
add a method to the chain of methods after the dot , indicating the this segment is a property and does not need parenthesis and won ' t have paramaters .
returns the request sent .
returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
schedules the given length .
returns a hash code for this vector .
unsubscribes the actual topic
is operating system unix ?
disconnect from the server ( public api )
determines whether a composite name is a suffix of this composite name . a composite name ' n ' is a suffix if it it is equal to getsuffix ( size ( ) - n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name ends
calculates total width to occupy based on several parameters
returns true if the argument is a syntactically valid regular expression .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
flushes the binary output stream , padding 0s if number of bits written so far is not a multiple of 8 .
attach the specified footer to a human - readable string .
constructs a new sentence .
tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value
initialize the internal resttemplate .
creates the default histogram .
updates the entries related to the given package in memory and persistent db .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of datetime object
adds a set of attributes to the list .
test the case where the thread is preemptively unparked .
commits the segment index .
called when the fragment is finished .
writes utf8 bytes to the buffer .
converts the given hex string into a plain string .
get all relationships matching the given feature .
traverse the tree calculating partial likelihoods .
converts an rate into a human readable and localized kb / s speed .
get the next element from the cache .
returns true if field size is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
request contacts to be contacts
returns a string representation for the given double .
creates at test indexcreatedevent .
validates a rule record
given a document , find the url associated with that document .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( inclusive ) .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
generate a parameter using the specified algorithm .
reads the state from the stream .
checks whether a character is a valid token character . whitespace , control characters , and http separators are not valid token characters . the http specification ( rfc 2616 , section 2 . 2 ) defines tokens only for the us - ascii character set , this method extends
draw a list of lines .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
don ' t use this when obfuscating class names !
writes a string followed by a newline .
round - trip a uri back into a graph .
paints the background of a highlight .
returns a byte array .
adds another import source .
draws an arrowhead at the specified location .
adds a class loader listener .
unmarshal parameters for the given method .
reloads the data from the service .
create a localized resource name based on a resource name and a locale .
converts an array of objects into string .
draws the icon at the specified location .
synchronizes the rdf count of a query .
reset the state of the module .
converts a buffered image into a compatible buffered image
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
returns true if the thread was cancelled .
removes a new member from this directededgestar .
returns true if , at the current time , the named event could be generated .
receives message and batches as needed .
sets the date to see if it falls within the query .
decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within " the normalized thumb x - coordinate .
cleans up all files in the specified directory
this indicates whether zero is an acceptable value .
adds a recorded duration .
open the atomic file for reading . if there previously was an incomplete write , this will roll back to the last good data before opening for read . you should call close ( ) on the fileinputstream when you are done reading from it . < p > note
submit a task to the queue
creates default implementation of task distributor
dumps this lpcresult to the given writer .
add editor to this editor .
adds an incomplete room from the database .
compute the desired magnitude of a unit vector projected to a given planet model . the unit vector is specified only by a z value .
trims the string , removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string . non - breaking whitespaces are also removed .
validate the verify that ' s value is correct .
parses a node in the xml structure and returns the corresponding nsobject
convenience method that creates a pair of related debits and credits for accrual based accounting . the target accounts for debits and credits are switched in case of a reversal
calculate the next point of the image
serialize object to a bytebuffer object .
executed upon sending a packet away . put your arbitrary data into the bytebuffer , and retrieve it on the receiving side when readbytes is executed .
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness .
returns the maximum value in the specified array .
fill the interiour of a list of polygons . used for example with an area consisting of a border polygon and some holes .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
move the selection to the current date .
accepts an ipv4 address in the form of an integer and returns the corresponding byte array .
validates the provided template .
this operation is not supported because pictures are mutable .
cumulative probability density function
closes connection to the datasource .
resolves a child atom .
draw a single data item .
creates a list of functions from the specified location .
checked the network connect status .
set up for the tab closing animation
adds idffauthcontext to the collection
its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection , but all past and future packets wont . connection will be closed [ by dispatcher thread ] , and ondisconnect ( ) method will be called to clear all other things . forced means that server shouldn ' t
replace a list of edges with a new edge .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
creates a new seaglassinternalframetitlepane object .
returns a string representation of this stack .
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream .
finds the container container for the given container .
given a source directory and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found in the given source directories . modulespecs that didn ' t contain wildcards are left alone ( it ' s not checked
returns the charset of this media type , or null if this media type doesn ' t specify a charset .
creates a number from its textual representation .
dump a printable representation of the receiver .
execute a query based on the sql string given . for each record of the resultset return , execute a callback function
the name of the variable to cache t . class values .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
maps a library name into the cache .
returns the next token if it matches the pattern .
ensures that the process is at least height heigh .
appends a field to the class .
function creates new fdarray for non - cid fonts . the fdarray built has only the " private " operator that points to the font ' s original private dict
tests if the queue matches the sequence ( as with match ) , and if they do , removes the matched string from the queue .
initialize the current render surface .
clears the scrap heap .
instantiates a new spider svn request .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
add an http header line containing a field name , a literal colon , and a value . this works around empty header names and header names that start with a colon ( created by old broken spdy versions of the response cache ) .
merge nodes . merge two nodes according to the merging rules of the masternode . each subclass should override this implementation .
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal
binds a list value into the given field .
creates the algorithm list panel with the given experiment .
adds a listener of attribute events .
process the command line .
returns true if zoning required
generelle initialisierungsmetode der konstruktoren .
returns a boolean telling if this namevaluelist has a record with this name
tests if this charseq starts with the specified prefix .
checks if the window contains a window .
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties . this method can be called when a bound property has changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered propertychangelisteners .
starts fading to the specified layer .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field . null - value and 0 - length fields have the same hash code .
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject , assigning it a unique id and initializing its last modified time to the current system time .
parse a sootmethod with the given arguments from the given parser .
helper method for creating a new review and writing it out .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
instantiates a new voice .
find the start of the word at the specified index .
write the schedule and return the top - level output .
decodes a color from the default color .
this method recursively calls itself . it forward - constructs a list of seen types ( upon test ) , and backward - constructs a list of required modules ( upon success ) .
get the distance between this location and another vector , squared .
calculates the elapsed time in milliseconds .
from design pattern , o ' reilly . . . this method is used by the framework for cleanup after there are no more key / value pairs to process .
add all distinct entry to list1 from list2
this method must be called only by enq .
sends messages to kafka .
creates a string of a given length containing the given character
adds a connection to the list .
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
adds the given listener to its internal list .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array .
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements , increasing its size if necessary . the size increases exponentially to ensure amortized linear time complexity .
adds new values to the series .
pick the test case .
calculates the rotation angle between two angles .
count the occurrences of the substring in the filter .
create a crlnumberextension with the integer value . the criticality is set to false .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
calculate the log probability for a normally distributed message centered at mu .
returns a new instance with a specific smoothing constant .
upcall from native code
todo need think about if multi - put is necessary , by checking if autoflush works
index = = - 1 when new .
extracts secret key from uri
method to send a contact .
add a generated class to the list of src classes .
tells whether the user has started the update .
parses the given string for a textual representation for time and returns the time value in seconds past midnight . the following formats are recognized : hh : mm : ss , hh : mm , ssss .
returns true if stop watch is running
parses the properties file .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
return a string representation of this amount ' s state .
tests whether tasks are able to access and modify data safely by emulating transactions by calling activatetx and deactivatetx directly .
check if the value matches the given dataset
quick exp , with a max relative error of about 3e - 2 for | value | & lt ; 700 . 0 or so , and no accuracy at all outside this range . derived from a note by nicol n . schraudolph , idsia , 1998 .
gets the class path and implements the given class name .
write the string to the output stream .
all annotations declarations nested inside of a class .
pastes a ( closed ) way at two points
updates the cursor displayed cursor depending on hover state .
returns true if the mouse event specifies the right mouse button .
adds a success message .
starts the timer running .
close the input stream
assign next log segment sequence number based on a decreasing list of log segments .
read stream as ascii .
asserts that two characters are equal .
called when a block size changed .
returns true if the executor has been processed .
returns the current time in milliseconds .
equivalent to assert cond : value ;
add definition cos definition
create a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation . the format of the xml required is determined by the output of the toxml ( ) method .
converts the string representation to a qname .
get the resulting y - position of the bottom edge of the crop window given the handle ' s position and the image ' s bounding box and snap radius .
generates code that generates sign masks for values
exports all scopes to exports
returns true if m has fulfilling bit set .
add a data source listener
finds the effective method in the class inheritance hierarchy .
changes to the stopping state .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
ensure there is at least one animation for every path in group ( linking them by names ) build the " current " path based on the first group
cancels included turnouts only option
removes all entries from the table .
shows an error dialog .
checks that the given string is a valid encrypted suffix .
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
parse the given string as a comma - separated list .
draws an actor shape for the given parameters .
checks if the object is a trusted .
creates a new persistent search request control .
connects this synapse group .
multiply a character by a number . the ordinal value of the character is used in the multiplication ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
normalizes a charsequence into a string .
adds a zone change listener .
write byte array to the buffer we need to be able to efficiently handle large arrays beyond size of the blobthreshold , so
start the listener of a resource
returns the contents of this table as a list sorted largest - to - smallest .
reset any explicit or default - set hooks . < p > note : this should only be used for testing purposes .
a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using as a disk filename .
records the timestamp when the average was received .
triggers test case failure if any thread assertions have failed , by rethrowing , in the test harness thread , any exception recorded earlier by threadrecordfailure .
parses the given input string . the input must contain a valid json value , optionally padded with whitespace .
returns the maximum radius of the ellipse
returns a copy of the receiver as a char array .
the size of pending workers
inserts a component into this component .
unescapes the character identified by the character .
draws the chart legend .
appends the url to the server .
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map . the map is created with a capacity of 1 . 5 times the number of mappings in the given map or 16 ( whichever is greater ) , and a default load factor ( 0 . 75
adds a rule to the selector .
appends the next byte data to the end of the data .
checks if the page is latest .
initializes this logger ' s resource bundle .
creates a layer object .
check if the package name is open .
remember a factory for the given host and port .
adds a long value to the request .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot .
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
this method is used for method dispatch
remove all views that don ' t start with " android " namespace .
returns true if the component is in the game loop .
completely remove an action .
returns the distance in the buffer .
gets next fasta record
adds the specified character to self .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
removes a group from this group .
check to see if this storageport already exists
appends a split element to the beginning
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
starts a handler for the given element .
closes the bit stream .
starts this http connection .
appends the national number to a string builder .
cuts an array of strings to a new array
stop the set of running tasks .
release all backup agents and decommission the backup manager .
configure the given command .
writes the current transform . calls writetransform ( transform )
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal
creates a new chain based on the existing chain with the new element added at the end
parse the operator to an operator .
returns whether the specified selector is performed by this selector .
queue up the contacts asynchronously by the iterator .
removes the xy series from the list .
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
writes the result file to a file .
the default implementation class .
this method will write metadata at the end of file file format in thrift format
renders the tree as done in penn treebank merged files .
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement . the replacement string can contain $ 1 , $ 2 etc . referring to matched groups in the regular expression .
returns true if the two characters are equivalent ignoring the case .
adjust the size of the file
creates a default pin collection .
run this command with the arguments supplied
parse a reference document .
creates the code to generate a method .
launches an editor for this node .
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
drop multiple temporary tables from database .
creates a new disk segment .
checks if a response exists .
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
the function convert_polar_stereographic_to_geodetic converts polar stereographic coordinates ( easting and northing ) to geodetic coordinates ( latitude and longitude ) according to the current ellipsoid and polar stereographic projection parameters . if any errors occur , the code ( s ) are returned by the function , otherwise polar_no_error is
asserts aspects of a uri
a function to find the maximum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
sets shared lock on the directory block when crabbing down for read .
removes a reference to the data source
tests if queue starts with a whitespace character .
creates a new environment random number .
generates the source file ( s ) for the jrmp stub class .
add long click view id
removes a point from the overlay .
convert a image to a file , removing prior exif tags .
converts an array of 4 bytes into a int .
decodes unicode escapes . interpretation of " \ \ uxxxx " escape sequences where xxxx is a hex - number .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
remove formatting from a line of irc text .
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
prints the state of each object .
return true if empty .
write a local data to a file .
creates global configuration for the default instance of the service given the configuration attributes .
deletes a set of trust under the realm .
add a sourcecoderemark on the given element with a preset evidence element collection
fix for events that occur at the given position .
method retrieves the pem encoded data from the stream and returns its decoded representation . method checks correctness of pem boundaries . it supposes that the first ' - ' of the opening boundary has already been read from the stream . so first of all it checks that the
saves the given entity .
tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
builds the parent relation
create a new intcolumn .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
converts an xpath expression to a select expression .
executes the script at the specified location and returns the result .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
produce a string representation of the message rates in the samplegroup .
checks whether this iterator has been closed .
start the message processing thread .
makes a new simplifier for the given package and set of types .
escapes bytes in the specified byte array .
converts a name into the format for the correct language .
the graphical representation of the series values as text .
converts a dom document to a string .
performs a batch of test addresses .
converts a value of xml boolean type to boolean object .
are there more work list items ?
changes current seed by supplementing a seed argument to the current seed , if this already set ; the argument is used as first seed otherwise . < br > the method overrides " enginesetseed ( byte [ ] ) " in class securerandomspi .
generate to source file
use this method to determine whether a font can be used to create the project or not .
main entry point for the launcher . note : this method calls system . exit .
get a string representation of this feature .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
shuts down the executor service .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
checks if the queue is reached .
short : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value
utility function to draw an horizontal margin indicator
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name . if the old value and the new value are not null and equal the event will not be fired .
remove all markers markers
captures format ; fixme refactor with captureheredoc got common parts
converts the given value to a localized string version .
test whether the handshake phase has is completed .
initialize the layout with starting values .
runs the test case .
checks a stack frame value .
creates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
create a template value from a string .
returns whether the buttons should be displayed .
initiate signature type by private key
return a map of network ' s wwn for the given set of initiators and storage ports .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
write directory post resource
close the file opened when creating the mp4parser .
creates a new event listener .
return a list of node objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
gets the job context .
initialize the txt used for a font array .
count how many times the total count
adds the given method to this class .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
add a replication operation .
show the initial image registry .
in uuencoded buffers , encoded lines start with a character that represents the number of bytes encoded in this line . the last line of input is always a line that starts with a single space character , which would be a zero length line .
adds a transaction that encapsulates a transaction .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
does this method have no incoming edge ?
instantiates a new mapping .
selects an attribute set
ensures the given data to disk , overwriting anything already saved
tests whether tasks are able to access and commit commit .
prints an object to this output stream and flushes this output stream .
stops the heart beat and calls the callback .
reads bytes from a given file reader until either a specified character sequence is read , the buffer is completely filled or the end of file is reached .
generate the graph file . . .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
a variant test in the behavior of a transaction .
method for beancontextchild interface .
creates the extended entity configuration under the realm .
true if the entry is expired .
loads the user into the webview .
returns the direction corresponding to the specified key for the direction .
create a new instance of this class by id .
indicates if the tooltip will stay persistent on the screen to support interaction within the tooltip component .
makes a timestamp from separate strings for month , day , year , hour , minute , and second .
handles a new task .
update the long term prediction
find the configuration file .
draws a range marker .
attempts to add a word to the specified word .
to be invoked when the preference click is clicked
read the plog header
returns the boolean value of the given string . returns null if argument is null .
sends a batch of messages to google .
adds + live to the query
gets the contents at the given uri .
check existence of config section element
creates a new instance .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
parse a hexadecimal unicode character .
creates new form logindialog
computes the location on a great circle arc with the given starting location , azimuth , and arc distance .
initialize the gui components .
paint the check mark in enabled state .
tries to find a point in the supplied uri where this uri can be safely split into a namespace part and a local name . according to the xml specifications , a local name must start with a letter or underscore and can be followed by zero or more '
write log file in format .
reload the dialogue state
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
indents the specified text , surrounds it with brackets and put the content on a separate line .
adds the content element to the element .
expands the hash " spine " - equivalent to increasing the number of buckets in a conventional hash table .
try to reconnect connection .
returns the records to the collection .
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
returns true if the given name has changed .
reset all components before parsing and namespace context
computes the circle distance between two points
creates a new command .
grows the size of the stack
returns the given string in lowercase
create an instance with the specified mouse event modifiers .
breadth - first search implementation on your graph . it will iteratively : assign current level value to all source nodes scan source nodes neighbor to find the reachable nodes that have not been reached yet compute next level value and consider all the reachable neighbors as the new source
creates the view and analyzes the type
check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
announce a set of candidates for discovery . jini . discovery . plaintext format .
create a new instance .
closes this input stream .
creates a new policy object .
rollback method for block snapshot create .
converts a string denoting an amount of time into milliseconds . strings are expected to follow this form where # equals a digit : # m the following are permitted for denoting time : h = hours , m = minutes , s = seconds
detach the given activity from manager
read the settings from the preferences .
tries to add a download object to the inactive list .
if tlacodenextline does not equal " " , then add it to tlacode and add mappingvectornextline to mappingvector . if it does equal " " , don ' t add any lines , but add any potentially legal leftovers in mappingvectornextline to the previous line .
a locale independent version of touppercase .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the string representation of the given type .
tests whether this identifier is required .
method to remove redundant digits from a string
returns a random int between 0 and 1 .
resumes updates the gesture detector and selected time
updates the last pvp action time with the current time .
checks if we have dragged the container
extracts " oid . " to be used
tests if there are no duplicate messages in the given list
updates the prediction stats using the given scheme .
return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane , false if it shouldn ' t . files that begin with " . " are ignored .
add two numbers of the same length . the first one is positive and the second is negative . the first one is greater in absolute value .
adds a keepalive connection .
this method will increment the access count for a column by 1 whenever a column is getting used in query or incremental data load
creates the cluster for the given cluster id .
compares two doubles for equality .
convert bitmap to byte array
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
returns the logarithm of a number .
method to edit an entry with the passed id .
evaluates the uf6 problem .
creates a new plugin dialog .
reads next variable length block from input .
add a running webster to this chunk
copies the data from this vector to another one .
add the specified sensor to this sensor state .
initialize the underlying channel .
resets the queue to next call and clears the queue
have the specified consumer accept the value if a value is present , otherwise do nothing .
send a dim / bright command to the insteon hardware to reach a specific intensity . acts immediately , and changes no general state . < p > this sends " dim " commands .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads the next token from standard input , parses it as a float , and returns the float .
creates a new instance of the scheduler .
java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int )
calculates control width and creates text layouts
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
always return true since we wanna get all vars in scope
receive notification of character data .
convert seconds to time
sends a plain text message
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
remove a thread from the list .
instantiates a new child node .
reads the settings from the log file .
deletes the license from the storage .
create a new network instance .
encoding loop on private thread
read the view from the input stream .
updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
creates a new dnetscapecarevocationurl dialog .
call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
creates a directory if it does not exist .
is operating system windows 10 ?
returns a set of all known interfaces of this interface .
adds all items to the end of the array .
returns a list of proxies for the supplied uri .
adds a list of definitions to the existing list of definitions .
adds a new observation with the specified value and group .
modifies the vocabulary and prepares internal variables
read some bytes from the stream .
creates a new ldif entry reader which will read lines of ldif to the provided list .
updates the dialog according to the vehicle .
remove item at the given position
if the license is present , push elements that are known to the user .
add a new range with the given key .
detects a gts , replacing x by ( x - min ) / ( max - min ) or 1 . 0
dump out the info of the field .
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
adds a new rule
creates a new accountcreator .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
adds the given flags to this delta .
performs a certificate against the keystore .
delete articles , which belongs to non - existent feeds
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the supplied list . this includes views displayed on the screen as well as views stored in abslistview ' s internal view recycler .
creates a new proxy instance .
paints the display area of the window .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
copies data from an input stream to an output stream using a buffer of specified size .
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory as - is .
adds a triangle to the end of the list .
write each of the parent ' s simple unqualified properties as an attribute .
adds a checkboxmenuitem to the checkbox .
draws the background for the plot .
push the current clip onto the stack .
drop an existing full text index for a table . this method returns silently if no index for this table exists .
gets but does not remove the head of the queue .
adds a processor in the processor queue .
adds the given opcode to the end of the program .
initializes the resource name with configuration information , usally set by the administrators . the main configration information retrived is mainly like wild card pattern used , one level wild card pattern used , case sensitivity etc .
delete an old , free pool entry to make room for a new one . used to replace pool entries with ones for a different route .
convert less than one thousand
check if uri represents ssh connection .
change current state and state .
attempt to parse link destination .
comments are attributed to the comment set .
reads the contents of a file into a string using the default encoding for the vm . the file is always closed .
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
checks if the user should have access to the app . binds the service if necessary . < p > note : we can let dexguard obfuscate the string that is passed into bindservice . < p > source string : " com . android . vending . licensing .
closes the source file
returns the index of one of the available operators randomly selected using the probabilities .
takes a string list and splits it into chunks list
this will convert string to boolean [ ] .
decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer .
clears the contents of this activitymap .
computes the integer value of a color .
shuts down the server .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
executed when the i / o has completed
write the golomb code of a value .
add a new force function to the simulator .
convert a metric to a metric string .
i . e . , if any .
constructs a new gradient from the specified double .
prepare - e . g . , get parameters .
checks if the url is already configured .
convert a csv list into an array of strings .
this method will be used to read the byte array from file based on offset and length ( number of bytes ) need to read
report : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value
move original file to a backup . use this before writing out a new version of the file .
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
remove storage files from the process .
append a new config to the container .
reads a single byte from the debug client .
removes users from the people container .
checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards .
removes a region in the model
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception .
the start of an element .
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
creates a new storage .
calculates the bar width and stores it in the renderer state .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
adds a breakpoint listener .
updates the display area of the window .
removes and signals threads from queue for phase .
returns an initialized dateformat object .
prints the stack trace of the throwable to a string .
check the type of a declaration .
creates a new block .
returns the probability distribution function .
find the expression for a given expression .
adds another shard channel .
deletes all files in a folder
reads all the data from the specified input stream and writes it to the specified output stream .
releases the underlying receiver . this is only safe to do after the associated thread has completed , which is managed in camera source ' s release method above .
trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue .
checks that thread does not wait for the given runnable .
submits task to execution pool
adds the given attribute to the selection .
creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .
samples values set
on open we manage some statistics , and add this connection to the channel group .
configures it is less than 10 .
determines if this id corresponds to the ' next ' execution window .
check whether the given class is visible in the given classloader .
removes the head of the queue .
constructs a xml builder .
returns true if the argument is a string .
adds all the elements of an item to the list .
remove a card from the list of card .
test based on some sample data .
a function that generates password - based aes & hmac keys . see generatekeyfrompassword .
get the plural form of the field ' s value .
filter the child view at index and remove it if appropriate .
check if a declaration has already been made for a given prefix .
add a message to the simulation .
calculate the physical status attack .
build a non - processed vertex processor .
releases the thread pool .
check if the given collection is a given collection . if a shard is passed , uses that else deletes given num replicas across all shards for the given collection .
return this as a typedeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception
converts a partition name to a spec used for ddl commands .
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
regression test for harmony - 4396
delete the card from the database
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y
add a expression to the expression
increments the get time accumulator .
check whether the specified saturation is valid or not .
parses a string into a constant
fires a pseudo property change
runs the given command in the current working directory .
returns the selectable channel .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
creates a mojangson string from the given nbt tag .
add filter to category filters .
retries regsetvalueex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
parses a date object from the twitch api .
test faceting with deep paging
validates the attributes of the dataset .
add a qualifier to the method .
find the preferred idp authentication ids to idp .
check if folder exists and is not a directory .
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . values storage should be enabled to use this method .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
find the next day containing the event .
prints a float followed by a newline .
extract a value into a subregister .
post processing on failed authentication .
builds a method from the given method .
builds a qualifier value for a qualifier .
find all the necessary substitutions for the given types .
removes all instructions in a given instruction
returns the number of times the token appears in the target .
initialize the set of test packages to map .
build the possible matsim routes .
check gml footprint validity
creates a timetable ( network change events file )
compute probit ( inverse cdf ) for expgamma distributions .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
the quick assist assistant .
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
add a sequence of validation errors to the accumulating validation errors
parses a string option , uses default if option is missing .
generates credentials for client side .
builds the underlying lucene suggester
start the json string .
create a connection to the jmx agent and setup the m [ x ] bean proxies .
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that different securerandom objects being supplied with seed by themselves .
registers a listener to receive events .
creates a unique name for a unique file .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
handles when the click is pressed .
adjusts the bytecode instructions for a given method .
used to have some meaningful info on this object
returns a copy of a vector .
creates a unique new temporary directory under " java . io . tmpdir " .
processes all job information .
creates an element in the xml encryption 1 . 1 specification namespace .
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
draw wind on loading animation
checks if we have proxy configuration settings in the properties .
check if the expression is equal to its default static value
parse key - value pairs to map , ignore empty key
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
creates a new websiteaddress from | originorhostorpattern | .
test that security . getproviders does case sensitive .
resets the pending charges list .
add the pad bytes to the passed in block , returning the number of bytes added .
add a page to the page stack .
returns a string representation of the vector .
inserts a sequence of statements before the start of this sequence when the sequence object is not null , otherwise does nothing .
notify listeners that an activity has changed .
sensitivity in percent to a percent change in the underlying forward price .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
rounds a decimal value to the given decimal place .
creates a new instance of rsakeyloader
returns a string describing classifier
is operating system windows vista ?
converts a date object to a string representation
calculates the size of the component
creates a new invocation backed by the given directory .
checks if two element is the same as the same .
read log files one by one and , line by line number .
appends this node ' s text content to the given builder .
checks if a response message contains a body .
loads the database from the given input stream .
cast a long value to a string
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
implements inputstream . read ( int ) in terms of inputstream . read ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . inputstream assumes that you implement inputstream . read ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
checks if the extension is enabled .
compile the specified file in the temporary directory .
remove all of the listeners
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
builds the underlying lucene suggester
convert a " . " - based fully qualified class name to a " / " - based resource path .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
adds the specified solution to the population , returning its assigned identifier .
safe access to the digest stored in a hash
creates a persistent disk to specified vm .
performs domain - match as defined by the rfc2109 .
disables all the attribute names .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
generates the instruction to push the top stack value on the stack .
generate the multi - part post body providing the parameters and boundary string
look up a key in the given key .
assert that the expected portchangeevents have been recevied , asserting the expected ordering . all events in earlyevents have to appear in actualevents before any event in lateevent appears . events in anytimeevents can appear at any given time . earlyevents , lateevents , and anytimeevents must be mutually exclusive
writes string to output stream .
toggle the expanded node .
decode a continuous sequence of percent encoded octets .
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse . note : only works of all animations are valueanimators .
starts the ims service
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties . this method can be called before a constrained property will be changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered vetoablechangelisteners .
correctness test for the jelinek - mercer lm model .
called when the source is received .
converts the passed user to a dto .
generates the statement to drop a non - embedded index from the database .
locks the file ( blocking ) .
converts a point to a data point .
collect all files in the given folder
updates a particle position
updates the length of tick labels .
checks if the given coordinate is in the target touch zone .
run the keys and values against the index .
shows a certain item
put an option boolean value .
determines the target offset of the page
converts a given cell to a string ; no alignment considered .
clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values .
disables bluetooth and checks to make sure that bluetooth was turned on and that the correct actions were broadcast .
returns a string representation of the given separator .
force the no value .
splits a string into an array of strings using the given separator .
split live ranges on entry and exit to infrequent regions .
test split and join of properties ( using semicolon ) .
deletes the object at the destination array offset
creates a new dictionary .
check if the tab is associated with an activity that hasn ' t been destroyed . this catches situations where a documentactivity is no longer listed in android ' s recents list , but is not dead yet .
create a new http stream wrapper .
handles the file handle .
description of the method
construct the initial partial hull .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
prints the string representation of the specified int to the target .
creates the average in a path .
returns true if the request uri represents a vplex storageport .
sends a reply to an incoming stream .
initializes a new animation .
navigate to the given path
add a messages to the list of messages .
makes a random cache entry .
display the current render surface .
constructs a list of window of size windowsize . note that padding for each window is created as well .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
creates a path using the provided jsonpath structure .
read frames from tag
underlying implementation of add ( array , index , element ) methods . the last parameter is the class , which may not equal element . getclass for primitives .
doubles the double value .
converts the matrix into a single line matlab string : matrix is enclosed by parentheses , rows are separated by semicolon and single cells by blanks , e . g . , [ 1 2 ; 3 4 ] .
constructs a new binaryfile with the specified file as the input . the default byte - order is lsb first . reads start at the first byte of the file .
create an object output stream for this file .
get the set of keys for resident entries .
calculate matrix for fit_center
adds a certificate to the certificate .
adds a policy listener .
verify that the result code has been typed so far is valid .
returns a new scripting engine for the scripting language identified by the file name extension .
finds the raw module for a raw module .
extracts the type of the wrapped object .
obtains a local date in japanese calendar system .
recovers ( private ) key associated with given alias .
creates a new class loader .
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
initializes the factory with a single listener .
concatenates an elements to an array .
change camera position vertically ( up or down )
decodes base64 data into octects
shuts down the executor service provided by the given implementation .
resets the builder to its initial , empty state .
deflate current sam line by replacing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
splits a list of integers into a list
send an error log message
add an addresslistener . addresslisteners are notified when the user selects a new address and when a throttle is acquired for that address
cleans a directory without deleting it
gets minimum entries returned from backup .
creates a new instance of the specified field value .
receive notification of character data inside an element .
compute the standard deviation of kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
initializes the properties to be used by open federation library .
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right ( adds one to their indices ) .
creates a new instance of this class .
check if the given item matches the given pattern .
returns the default value of the field .
compares two byte arrays .
render the track and car
converts a time string into a java . sql . time
called internally to fill the given menu . if a sub menu is seen , it will call this recursively .
compute the cross - track distance .
choose an alias to authenticate the client side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
returns the probability distribution function .
order line - charge . - updates priceactual from charge - sets pricelimit , pricelist to zero calls tax
match an array of strings to the processing of a comment .
brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc
flushes the committed of without replication .
discards any active baggage currently in this thread
converts a tree to a path .
write packet validation rules to buffer .
register the given file extensions .
parses a string into a integer
returns requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the data in the input stream . this method is used primarily at the client side . the schema of the xml document is defined in ws - trust .
request to have the resources created for the sesame container .
filter out the items based on the collection .
utility method for formatting using the d conversion character .
utility function to draw a host range axis .
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
adds a symbol to this production .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
returns the number of elements in this list .
returns true if the two planes are the intersection points .
decode a base64 string into a long value .
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column
build the sum of the song given the play counts
this method is called when the test run ends .
find the cmd status from a file system .
add a string to the end of the buffer .
creates a new model object .
unwraps user data to the application buffer .
5 . [ specified ] a flag indicating whether this attribute was actually specified in the start - tag of its element , or was defaulted from the dtd .
if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
stores user name into shared state map . this method should be called after successful authentication by each individual module if a username was supplied by that module .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
delete a child node .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
float value of a small positive bigdecimal
awaits for executor termination
refresh all methods that are contained in the class .
parses xml from the given text .
run the task on the server
part of the html api . show nothing .
change the document state from the given document .
removes an edge from the graph .
fired when a key is typed . this is the equivalent of keylistener . keytyped ( keyevent e ) .
returns true if at least one of the variables given as argument is a descendant of this node , and false otherwise
writes a given number of bytes to a file .
generates the typically resource bundle for the specified resource bundle .
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
first , un - rotate image and crop rectangles ( make image rectangle axis - aligned ) . second , calculate deltas between those rectangles sides . third , depending on delta ( its sign ) put them or zero inside an array . fourth , using matrix , rotate
tests fix for bug # 27412 - cached metadata with preparedstatement .
checks repeated int field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
bring the given annotation to the back . that annotation will be drawn behind all other annotations as well as recieve events last .
adds a frame to the section animation .
print the code point details as a string .
remove the upload file
start ssl shutdown process .
extracts a bitmap from bitmap width and height .
write the candidate info to a file .
converts events to an array .
decodes an oid object from its asn . 1 der encoding . this refers to the full encoding including tag and length . the structure and encoding of oids is defined in isoiec - 8824 and isoiec - 8825 . this method is identical in functionality to its byte array
process an attribute string of type t_prefixlist into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved to urls .
returns a clone of the annotation .
dump a long value into a stringbuilder .
type an alphabetic latin character
test for equality , coping with nulls .
returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
skips all notifications present in the queue .
writes the data object at the given object .
write a single character .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
is queue is empty
create a new point .
draws the right edge of the border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted edge
emits an add method to add to a list . if the list is null , it is created .
parses a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
returns the next recurrence of this rule .
adds the given variable to the queue .
creates a simple url from simple url .
read the contents of a file in / proc / [ pid ] / [ filename ] .
calculates the animation duration given the | initialvelocity | and a desired | displacement | .
shows user home points .
normalizes the norm of the vector
determines the height of this view
arranges the components of the specified container according to this layout .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
inserts a byte array
compute the mean of all elements in the array .
creates a sprite on the map .
close the current output stream .
creates a synchronization call .
returns true if two possibly - null objects are equal .
initialize your data directory .
close inputstream without a exception
test increase and join of the producer .
replaces all occurrences of old_str in str with new_str
action to be performed
canonicalizes a list of types of possible types .
open the imdb app or web page .
wait for the current state .
adds the specified object at the end of this vector .
calculate matrix for fit_center
checks for slice system .
constructs an external problem using the process standard input .
splits file name into individual path
parse a child atom .
returns true if taxonlist is a subset of the taxa in this taxa .
draws the text of a label
indicates whether this parameters specifies any members .
performs the ordering of actions .
prints the thread dump information to system .
adds a field to the table .
returns the minimum dimensions for this layout given the components in the specified target container .
check if a resource change to a resource change
creates a telurl based on given uri string . the ' + ' should not be included in the phonenumber string argument . if scheme is not present , it will be added .
creates a classification model .
restarts parsing the engine .
creates a new instance of the dialog .
obtains the string representation of this object .
pdf of gpd distribution
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
generate the format associated to the codec name
receive notification of an xml comment anywhere in the document . this callback will be used for comments inside or outside the document element , including comments in the external dtd subset ( if read ) .
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function . < p > this is a terminal operation .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
writes the stack trace of the throwable to a string .
splits a variable into a name
start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket , keepalive .
create management bean for jspace container .
update the table according to the map ( table ) declaration
stops the video adapter .
removes a listener from the timeout .
processes keys from the specified properties file .
adds a table this will be used in sqlite / poll .
utility to grab a random element from an array of strings .
update the mapping from the set of instances .
join the given thread to die .
defines a copy of a field , and sets its state .
gets connection from a pool .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
this is an implementation of the bsf apply ( ) method . it exectutes the funcbody text in an " anonymous " method call with arguments .
returns the set of keys of this map .
write a list of strings to an output stream .
this method consumes the validations for the over head details
calculates the product of a polynomial with a monomial x ^ k .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends the given string as a hex string to this string buffer .
print all the bootstrap tables in the hashtable .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
add the specified int token
filters a list of large declarations .
adds tags for a clear platform .
compares two strings lexicographically .
helper method to set the package name and version code .
build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
configures a httpurlconnection request .
convert string to title
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
processes the specified input file .
locate and return the replicator conf director .
converts the given double to a localized string version .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return list of boxed bytes as a primitive array .
updates the enabled state of the builder .
tests that cache would keep values if underlying store fails .
formats a list of strings into a list of strings .
mbeannotification support - delegates to broadcaster .
checks if the time is newer .
cumsum , opcode : ucumk + , dense input .
given a source directory and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found in the given source directory . module names that didn ' t contain wildcards are left alone ( it ' s not
method generated by intellij idea gui designer > > > important ! ! < < < do not edit this method or call it in your code !
report errors to the specified error state .
parses the provided set of arguments and format values .
getissuernames ( ) method testing . tests if the method return null in the case of not specified issuers , if the returned collection corresponds to the specified issuers .
below method will be used to start the scan .
creates a new data source .
convert degrees to radians , with error of less than 0 . 5 ulp
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . if addheaderview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
initializes siblings tag names for each field signature .
returns the instance at the given position
creates an item label generator using a specified number formatters .
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
write the given bytes to the encoder / decoder .
connect to the server .
synchronizes a batch of instances .
called to set the background projection .
configures cookie with web user agent and cookie manager .
parse and return a file .
return suite running in triples mode against a temporary journal .
load the first occurrence of the specified object
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
starts downloading the specified resource .
this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
assert that two objects are equal .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return flags as a string , separated by " " .
format the given sql statement into an ansi compatible form .
indent text by two spaces . after calling indent ( ) , two spaces will be inserted at the beginning of each line of text . indent ( ) may be called multiple times to produce deeper indents .
add a child view to appear at the end of the list .
compile a list of projects .
prints a contact with a contact .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
returns the promise , triggers any fail / always callbacks
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
create a snapshot object for the passed blocksnapshot .
saves persistent properties to a file .
returns count of items in the list
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
constructs a uri from the template , substituting in the provided arguments . < p > arguments whose corresponding identifiers are not present in the template will be ignored .
disposes the native memory associated with the given native graphics config info pointer on the single queue flushing thread .
handle japanese encoding - by toshimm .
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message only .
render the normals into a texture .
find all resources by type
calculates the sum of all y - values
release a previously saved event .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
returns the number of elements in the list .
finds the tcpconnection given the threadid
estimate parameters from minimum and maximum observed .
reads a repository metadata from repository .
checks if a xml character is a primitive .
appends a line to the buffer .
applies a regex to the text of a textview turning the matches into links . if links are found then urlspans are applied to the link text match areas , and the movement method for the text is changed to linkmovementmethod .
post the given foreign key .
tell if the table contains the given node .
persist temporal path with writing permissions depending on the operating system .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
write an already writte value from writeset
load the given unit .
performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker . called only from worker threads . unless completedabruptly is set , assumes that workercount has already been adjusted to account for exit . this method removes thread from worker set , and possibly terminates the pool or replaces the worker if
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream . use this method when applying multiple filters in succession to the same output stream .
frees the object . if the free list is full , the object will be garbage collected .
returns if the key has provided binding set .
creates a new internal instance .
checks to see if the given directory exists .
notification for organization config changes to idreposervice
starts the underlying animations animation .
creates a tagging decorator for the given output stream .
builds the list of messages from the builder and returns them .
stores given short value . alignment aware .
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given byte range .
generates a simple exemplar of the given url .
apply zero or blank , left or right padding .
put an object into the trie for lookup .
makes the object immutable
find the library name for the library path .
removes a component listener to this instance .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the string is null or 0 - length .
compares the raw message and returns the decrypted data .
checks if a term could be stemmed .
sends given response to the socket .
decodes base64 data into octets
causes the current thread to block until signalshutdown is called . this is used by workerthreads which are not actively polling the shutdown field .
adds the specified connection , it will no longer be able to access objects registered in this objectspace .
returns the distance from this point to the given point .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
convert a string to an int value ( primitive value type )
adds an item to the chain .
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down , updates of the gui have to be done in the gui thread !
starts a udp relay server .
returns all objects previously saved .
creates a new dialogue importer attached to the dialogue system .
generates unique id for requestfuture .
convert an alarm to the android app .
add a column name to this projection .
perform an asynchronous min operation
changes to the state .
read fields to display
converts gmonthday object representation to string
adds a new rule to the model
generate a random value with the generators parameters . along the lines of - j . h . ahrens , u . dieter ( 1974 ) : computer methods for sampling from gamma , beta , poisson and binomial distributions , computing 12 , 223 - 246 . - j
swaps the values in the list at the given positions
builds a list of volumes that can be used in reverse time .
allows this autocloseable to be used within the closure , ensuring that it is closed once the closure has been executed and before this method returns .
check if the given string matches the pattern
adds a server from the load snapshot .
adds a leaf node to the tree
localized timestamp to string format .
set the ' content - length ' request header to the given value
draw into the provided canvas . assumes that the canvas has been rotated accordingly and the size has been set . the effect will be drawn the full width of x = 0 to x = width , beginning from y = 0 and extending to some factor < 1
modify lun , export / unexport / expand , etc
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
returns true if the given object is to be used in the pipeline .
sets all google google points to the proper sequence .
adds a tuple without firing a notification .
adds a new value to the series
return a list of element objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
emits a put method to put a value into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
equals implementation using a business key .
provides the right name of the node for display .
parse json text into a list .
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
replaces within the builder using a matcher .
recursively removes a permission from a directory .
running process accepting connections .
learn a device using the given characteristics .
returns true if the given type signature is valid , false if it is not .
subtract a number from zero . the number is negative .
returns true if the group has been selected .
check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
randomizes the values that are ordered by their weights weights .
saves the pixels from the buffer on the sd card .
checks whether the method is valid .
remove a class from the list of src classes .
updates the values range .
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
appends a byte array to the buffer .
checks if there is enough space on sdcard
method to handle cancel button
applies a given attribute to this string .
converts underlying data type value to string . exception is thrown if type is unsupported .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
returns a string representation of this object .
generates a dictionary from the given trie and return the newly reduced trie .
record the dialogue state shown in the monitor tab .
write a portion of an array of characters .
construct a new instance .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
returns whether the file is a valid zip file .
performs maintenance on this pool , evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if either it has exceeded the keep alive limit or the idle connections limit . < p > returns the duration in nanos to sleep until the next scheduled call to this method . returns
returns the state this executionthread refers to .
compares two values , guarding against nulls if they are equal .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
return whether we need to check namespace prefixes against and exclude result prefixes list .
decodes an array of bytes into a hexadecimal string .
creates a list of namespace permissions .
read a header from the input stream .
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
this method returns a specification for the supplied key . the specification will be returned in the form of an object of the type specified by keyspec .
draws the text of a label
compares two percent objects .
get a cloned prdicatednodetest .
calculates the point x , y ) of a table .
adds a source folder to the list of paths .
return a workflow . method for rollbackcreatevolumes
kick the ball off , turning the ball over to the other team .
unzips all bytes from the input stream .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
connect to the server socket .
print bytes to the output stream .
add or remove volume from an existing consistency group or vv set
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
finds the index of a key in the set .
returns true if this cookie has expired according to the time passed in .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
utility method to check if a shortcut can be added to the homescreen .
construct a new icon object .
initializes the memory in memory map
persist a connection to the database
add the url of the specified properties object .
returns the next pseudorandom , uniformly distributed int value from this random number .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
parses titles if they are in the form title ( year ) . the first element is the title , and the second element is the date , both can be null . if the matcher fails to find the pattern , then the passed in title is set as
returns the hashcode for this split .
calculates the value of vectors x and y .
a repository root has been added . notify any listeners .
inserts a priority queue into the priority queue .
instantiates empty message for deserialization purpose .
appends the names of the specified parameter to the sp
parse the prepared query and add them to the query .
returns the index within this element .
returns the number of elements in this term .
consume an tag name off the queue ( word or : , _ , - )
creates a new sort specification that sorts on the given feature .
remove all listeners from this dispatcher .
decrypts a hexbin string ( handling is case sensitive )
l_logloss - the log loss between real positions
find the points based on the dimensions in the workspace .
description of the method
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
evicts all entries in the queue .
generates a random generation .
creates a streaming session that can be customized by adding tracks .
consultar todos setores cadastrados na base de dados
asserts that the expected values can be selected from the test table .
append a single character to this writer .
inserts a new entry at the begin of the list .
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
counts the number of values recorded .
for keyboard mode , processes key events .
returns the exponentially scaled modified bessel function .
description of the method
pops a type from the output frame stack .
delete the attribute value .
push an executing attribute set , so we can check for recursive attribute definitions .
animate to the final position of the stack . unfortunately , both touch - up and fling can be called and this depends on fling always being called last . if fling is called first , onuporcancel can override the fling position with the opposite . for example , if
add a new range with no lower bound .
send a message to the server
replaces all occurrences of a characters in a string .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
returns the path will relative path segments like " . . " and " . " resolved . the returned path will not necessarily start with a " / " character . this handles " . . " and " . " segments at both the beginning and end of
creates a new memory instance .
reads the next line .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
draws the bitmap background
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
returns the application ' s iotdevice
start collecting profiling data .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
method to be overridden by subclasses to read the next object from the source stream .
convert a double to radians .
removes the results of a search from the specified category
adds the given character to the entity .
computes the euclidean length of the arbitrary vector components passed in .
converts the given json object to a jsonobject .
this method creates cache . the cache created is a loner , so this is only suitable for single vm tests .
create a new attribute selection panel .
returns a string representation of the int array
creates a new environment instance .
removes a photo from this user
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array .
determine the minimum score for a read from its matches
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this queue . ( in other words , this method must allocate a new
initiates a failure with a failure .
dump the parse stack for debugging purposes .
creates a new set of group categories initialized from the given set .
load a jms message listener .
this method uploads a listener .
create a secure client socket that is connected to the given address and port .
format the node , recursively .
server helper method to register a jmx mbean . mbeans are registered by a combination of their mbean interface and the custom mbeanname argument . the mbeanname permits multiple mbeans to be registered under the same name .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
returns true if the given throwable as a cause of the given throwable .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
creates a simple model using default resource bundle .
set ups the parameters for video capture .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
convert date to string
create dom from string .
obtains the string representation of this object .
resets the message to initial state .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
copies the value of the realm attribute from the specified attributevalue .
copy file in assets into destination file
check if two objects are equal
replacement for the math . nextup ( . . . ) method that is only available in honeycomb and higher . dat ' s some seeeeek sheeet .
calculate the distance between two keys .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
creates a new instance of this class .
remove a child at the given index from this list .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
paint the provided painter using the provided transform at the specified position and size . handles if g is a non 2d graphics by painting via a bufferedimage .
load the given directories from the given directory .
checks if the throwable has been processed .
write a variable size long .
updates the data to be signed or verified , using the specified array of bytes , starting at the specified offset .
save the state of this deque to a stream ( that is , serialize it ) .
checks to see if the initiators passed in are for the initiator value .
initializes the collection of messages with the given message .
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
read configurations configuration file .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
combines the results of the given stringbuffer .
whether the device has been resized .
scan a list of files .
indents out ; writes object ; ends current line .
draw the circle to the canvas
creates a new activity .
operation : [ < rn > ] , + / - < rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > address = rn case shift of 0b00 / lsl / index = rm logical_shift_left shift_imm if conditionpassed ( cond ) then if u = = 1 then rn = rn
ends the formal type parameters section of the signature .
tells if there is a digit or a letter character ahead .
gets project name from uri .
adds a reference to the list of references .
reset the second line of notes area
add property you need
determines whether the point x , y will add a new point to the current pattern ( in addition to finding the cell , also makes heuristic choices such as filling in gaps based on current pattern ) .
constructs a headrule map from the specific rule tag .
or for a negative and a positive number ; the first is shorter
submit a task to the executor core .
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive
create a new indicator object .
writes a vector of part of a vector .
returns true if the string is empty , or false if not empty .
add listener for scrollview .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
begin the memory in bytes .
translates a java2d point on the chart to a screen location .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads a widget from the properties .
update the traffic that traffic has been updated
log a stack trace if trace is enabled .
code taken from com . android . systemui . recents . misc . utilities
reads a single byte from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated output stream .
adds an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to this .
decodes a short string into its original form .
assume that the graphics has been set with the paint / color needed , just render the shape of the background .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
adds the callback to the panel .
trigger a set of files .
create a host ip interface .
collect the edit proposals in jface icontentproposal instances .
create a new instance .
ensures that the namespace exists
returns map containing the given entries .
tests whether data can be generated with the classifier .
changes the first letter of the passed string to upper case .
computes a random number from the distribution .
checks that the given rectangle is compatible with the given rectangle .
to get all the child components of this interface .
count the tailing non - newline characters .
spanning is specified in the uncompressed grid number . they can for instance be more than 60000 for the outer edge dock grid cells . when the grid is compressed and indexed after only the cells that area occupied the span is erratic . this method use the row /
checks if this set of rules equals another . < p > two rule sets are equal if they will always result in the same output for any given input instant or local date - time . rules from two different groups may return false even if they are in
description of the method
add the given role to the list of roles .
writes vector of map to stream .
sleep for the specified time , ignoring any exceptions that occur
restore previous system . out and system . err to a buffer
translates the given biginteger into an integer list .
determines the height of this view
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
add a number to zero
waits until the specified document field matches the given timeout .
creates a new action object with specified content and line number .
finds north american numbering in the chunks at the given offset .
4b basesec | 2b windowid | 3b operatorid | 3b tupleid
calculates the distance between two widgets ( assumed to be rectangles )
moves the current tile position to the next available tile .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
check if the entity has an async type of misc equipment
check if the user ' s voice is available
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs , int offset , int length , bytebuffer dst ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
send the request to the server .
utility method to test if a certificate is self - issued .
this method calls proc insertbusdomain and adds a record in the database . it also validates the values passed .
find the nearest neighbours within dependency distance links of the provided start dependencies .
base constructer from a java . util . date object
adds a new value to the series .
this method will be called directly .
merge , sort . o ( n ) . not in place solution , make use of intervals are sorted . go through the given intervals . for each of them , there are 3 situations : 1 ) no overlap , in front of the new interval 2 )
format the given parameter object into a string .
given a key store , returns null if file does not exist .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
pans the axis on the domain axis by the specified factor .
initialize the start view .
creates an icon of the specified size and copy it .
close dialog if closing
populate host from response
creates or updates a folder .
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore .
creates a new array deque with an initial capacity sufficient to hold the specified number of elements .
prints the clusters using the passed in cluster data .
adds a feature to the gui attribute of the e00layer object
removes an existing value from the series .
wraps a token stream to the given stream .
checks , if the an object with shape p_shape and net nos p_net_no_arr and clearance class p_cl_class can be inserted on layer p_layer without clearance violation warning apparently p_net_no_arr is always empty , does not seems correct no ?
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
expands the given array to the size .
post the actual bean ' properties ' values .
encode an integer value to an outputstream in big - endian byte order .
skip characters . this method will block until some characters are available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached .
creates the lock file .
handles edit ldap attribute mapping request .
main deletion method . locates node , nulls value , appends a deletion marker , unlinks predecessor , removes associated index nodes , and possibly reduces head index level . index nodes are cleared out simply by calling findpredecessor . which unlinks indexes to deleted nodes found along path to
perform the tasks need for when a swf is unloaded the player
quick a quick reply exception
writes a single long .
used to determine if there are pools at this location .
make sure that the current page is in the heap .
starts the acceptor , and register the given addresses
allows you to set the info text for a specific callback . info text is shown under the element in the login page . it is used in the membership module to implement in - line feedback .
creates a new service for the specified time zone .
removes the first occurrence of the specified object from the data .
returns a list of matching users in the repository .
finds the given device with the passed name .
register a listener for an incoming packet type . the type may be abstract . the listeners registered will be fired in the inverse order that they were registered ; last fired first , and the first fired last ( with the default server handler last ) . listeners that
reads all bytes from an input stream into a copy of the given state .
notify all tasks that a new task has been processed .
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param .
prompt for confirmation pid
instantiates a new scrape task - to update a single datasource
finds index of a line .
clears the specified sensor selection .
returns an array allocated in an area of the java heap where it will never be moved . this is used to implement native allocations on the java heap , such as directbytebuffers and bitmaps .
loads a list of file names
ensures that the task is closing .
adds the provided message to the set of messages for this message .
create a hash from a digest
concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array .
road a set of flag .
sets the required information to display the page .
reads a byte array from the input stream .
how big should the nth chunk be ?
returns the tip text for this property
starts a new query not related to a previous class query .
close the file opened when creating the mp4parser .
get list of zone names where the given pwwn belongs to
clears all protocol settings
makes a clear edge of the graph .
sort and return the list . useful for chaining the call .
associate the given value with the specified key .
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory which match filekinds into resultlist
create the button shadow shape .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
creates a new indtestcramert instance of the given method name .
creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable
return true if the resource has been set .
read the facet node in .
creates a new , empty map with the default initial capacity ( 11 buckets ) and load factor ( 0 . 75 ) .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
creates a new connection factory that is capable to failover to the servers defined in case there is an error .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
create a new instance for the default locale .
if we ' re running on jdk 1 . 4 or later , initialize the cause for the given throwable .
creates a new message property .
creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
regrettably , serializing a treeset causes it to forget its bounds . this is unlike a serialized treemap which retains its bounds when serialized .
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
restore a point according to the given file .
reads the bytecode of a class .
check if supported host name is supported for this host .
creates a new project configuration object .
converts a chart coordinate spaced shape to the same shape in the screen coordinate space
shuts down the window
instantiates a new performance logger .
authenticates the url ' s domain .
create a hash from a hexadecimal representation of the digest note that this is in the reverse byte order of the internal binary representation .
does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring is at least half the length of longtext ?
tests whether the string is likely to be run .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
get the uri as a string .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
checks whether the given string is a resource reference type .
called after a number of nodes join barrier
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
adds property names to be selected .
adds an interface to the class .
cuts the string from beginning to the first index of provided substring .
request an http get request
iterator ordering is fifo
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
initialise the current user .
call the object finalize method on the given object
removes the tv show .
checks emm policy on the device .
returns the int encoding of the given object .
adds the specified object into this vector at the specified location . the object is inserted before any element with the same or a higher index increasing their index by 1 . if the location is equal to the size of this vector , the object is added at the
returns the current age of the response , in milliseconds . the calculation is specified by rfc 2616 , 13 . 2 . 3 age calculations .
computes a result , or throws an exception if unable to do so .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
invalidate the last point where the overlay has been entered .
get the vdc object .
creates a new adapter instance .
computes the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
called to finish an item list .
check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology
fire a cluster change event .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
returns the pixel data for the specified argb value packed into an integer for easy storage and conveyance .
check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force a round in the preceding digits .
adds a component to the bottom box .
deletes a directory recursively .
create directory that is optionally cleaned up after the jvm shuts down through use of a runtime shutdown hook .
emit declaration of decoded member and open first chunk .
read cookie name from the cookie file .
merge previous updates to this node .
this function is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .
returns the position of the current position in the adapter
returns a string with the given number of spaces .
resets this reference to the last marked location .
add listener to stack
mute the given username . if mutetill is not null , the mute will expire when mutetill is reached . < p > if this mac is already muted , this call will update the mute_end .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
overridden to ensure that the cursor for this component is appropriate for the orientation .
return whether the selection is empty .
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream .
create a new adapter instance
fill a specified byte array with random bytes
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values .
sometimes we need to know which class is a jdk class . there is no simple way to distinguish a user class and a jdk class , here we use the package prefix as the heuristic .
applies the specified queries to the set of namedobjects .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
create element of indexedendpoint type
add a file to the root directory .
provide a string representation of this date / time converter .
test where each operation locks one or more resources . < p > note : this condition provides the basis for deadlocks . in fact , since we have 10 resource locks for each operation and only 100 operations the chances of a deadlock on any given operation are extremely
the spec notes that " the xml - stylesheet processing instruction is allowed only in the prolog of an xml document . " , so , at least for right now , i ' m going to go ahead an throw a transformerexception in order to stop the parse .
returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array . any changes made to the receiver after returning will not be reflected in the byte array returned to the caller .
parse a string value to a calendar
convert bitmap to byte array
saves the template with the specified key into the cache .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
adds a transformtreenode to the composite .
post the process annotations for the annotations
adds a module to the module .
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
scans the position of a character in the given buffer starting at the given offset .
create a new diagnostic factory .
pops nodes of already explored states from the head of the frontier and checks whether there are still some nodes left .
this test doesn ' t pass on ri ; fails for types . date
checks if is enabled .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
computes variance for subsets .
if the user account is active . this method is called by instrumented code .
sends a location to the server .
serializes an text node .
returns true if the specified coordinate is inside the contour .
look for the requested cluster xsl schema file in the resourcebundle ( classpath ) under < ee home dir > / config / schemas / < reqested_schema_name > - cluster - schema . xsl . if it does no find it in the disk ( the default ) it looks
checks if is valid .
clear both rendering and picking queues .
returns the next character at the current position in the buffer .
specifies the current row / column ' s grow priority . < p > for a more thorough explanation of what this constraint does see the white paper or cheat sheet at www . migcomponents . com .
flushes the underlying stream .
generates a label string for an item in the dataset .
remove a graph listener
fade out then stop this audiosource
execute shell commands , default return result msg
increment the numeric badge label . if the current badge label cannot be converted to an integer value , its label will be set to " 0 " .
creates a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied stream .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
split the sentence in a sentence sentence .
returns true if the action is empty .
adds a dictionary to the dictionary .
answers a deep copy of the tocopy array .
tests whether one of choice alternatives has the same identifier or not .
wait for messages to be delivered .
constructs a date string .
copy file or directory to destination
instantiates a new map .
reads vector of opaque values
encodes a string into its url safe form using the default string charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
tests comparison of different number of children .
increments the list of alive timer
call the arguments passed to the given method call to this statement .
throws an exception if the string contains whitespace .
recursively deletes a file that may represent a directory .
prepare a list of keys .
convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
prints the relative magnitudes of the collected timer data to the standard output stream .
creates optional zookeeper url .
adds the description of the description argument .
reads characters until the end character is encountered , ignoring escape sequences .
this method converts the int [ ] to a set of strings .
closes this stream . this implementation closes the source stream and releases the pushback buffer .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
update the amount of money
tests the creation of a dataset ( ambiguous attribute names ) .
update the panel settings .
evaluate the avt and return a string .
reads the dex file into a byte array .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent update events through the life of an animation . this method is called on all listeners for every frame of the animation , after the values for the animation have been calculated .
receive notification of channels .
imports a list of subtrees at the given position in the root of the tree .
generates the declaration of all variables in the query .
returns the probability distribution function .
initialize the active in the list of active rows .
converts the action to an action handler
hides the provided hidden key .
removes the given token
returns true if the specified array type is a subtype of types .
continued fraction expansion # 2 for incomplete beta integral .
returns an element or attribute name . this is always non - empty for non - relaxed parsers .
check existence of config section element
this class cannot be instantiated .
determines whether or not this element has no children .
draw a shadow for the bar .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
returns true if all of the characters in the text are permitted for use in xml documents .
a new method that interrupts the worker thread . call this method to force the worker to stop what it ' s doing .
overridden to avoid implementation dependency .
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the south
does an update and return the eventid generated . eventid is caught in the listener and stored in a static variable
load a layout file
adds a tracker to the list of trackers .
evaluates the cf5 problem .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
check if there exist any parameter with given name
frees a memory size in the window .
returns true if the given identifier is a sql - 99 reserved keyword .
sorts the given list using the given comparator . the algorithm is stable which means equal elements don ' t get reordered .
handles the commit data .
appends a task to the task buffer .
return a string representation of the object as a byte array .
makes a random cache entry .
returns the maximum value in the specified array .
returns true if the cursor points to a start tag ( otherwise false )
parses a long from the input stream .
removes the instance at the given position from the set .
extracts the access key from the given uri
do one transaction operation . because it will be called concurrently from multiple client threads , this function must be thread safe . however , avoid synchronized , or the threads will block waiting for each other , and it will be difficult to reach the target throughput . ideally
adds an unnamed value to the formatted output .
copies the data from source to destination array .
creates a new site list and places it with a given url .
calculates the union if two ip ranges .
lookup an edge by id .
concurrent addition bound to long . max_value . any concurrent write will " happen " before this operation .
start a previously started monitor if it exists . doesn ' t add value
returns the norm of the vector .
p_precision - ( retrieved and relevant ) / retrieved
writes the entry with the specified cache
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
reads a string entry .
adds a blank set to this composite .
parses a hyphenation pattern file .
return a sorted map of the properties of this packer .
displays the contents of this index .
compares two parameter types .
generate random number of size n directly into num
escape a string to create a valid json string
writes the complete contents of this byte array output stream to the specified output stream argument .
checks the solution at https : / / stackoverflow . org / code . google .
returns an iterator to navigate the elements of the array . since the array is an ordered list , the iterator navigates the elements in the order they were inserted .
if the mouse is dragging a rectangle , pick the vertices contained in that rectangle clean up settings from mousepressed
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input
handles the start of an element .
checks if this entity is equivalent to othertype .
discretize a column from the given data
loads the workspace screen ids in an ordered list .
render the value to an output stream .
macro : expected : parses s , fmts
checks repeated int field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
multiply two m in place by angle a ( in degrees ) .
change the state of the function
returns the distance between two points .
records the end event .
check if an user has filter matching regex rules
clear the contents of the table .
returns an index for accessing arrays in this class .
load bundles from file
format the given parameter object into string .
tests fix for bug # 27412 - cached metadata with preparedstatement . execute ( ) throws nullpointerexception .
using the trigonometric unit circle , calculate the positions that the text will need to be drawn at based on the specified circle radius . place the values in the textgridheights and textgridwidths parameters .
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
method called to try to expand shared name area to fit one more potentially shared string . if area is already at its biggest size , will just clear the area ( by setting next - offset to 0 )
add a request property to the request
updates the member status .
is table client level only
convenience method to decrement this trigger as a runnable .
handles actions from within the property panel .
serialize an object to a byte buffer .
resolves a module name to a java module name .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
receive notification of the beginning of an element .
adds a certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are used to find certificates and crls .
creates a new narclassloader .
returns the basic block indicated by this node .
below method will be used to construct a type declaration .
check if the point is empty .
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another filter .
creates a new edge .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
create the extended label .
pads the string at the left with the specified character until it reaches the desired length . if the string is longer than this length , then it returns the unchanged string .
ask whether we support a given dom feature . in fact , we do not _fully_ support any dom feature - - we ' re a read - only subset - - so arguably we should always return false .
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue . the queue will be empty after this call returns .
reads a quoted descriptor string .
outputs confusion matrix in an html table . cascading style sheets ( css ) can control the table ' s appearance by defining the empty - space , actual - count - header , predicted - class - header , and count - element classes . for example
subtract two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
assigns the value of the field .
writes a " int " value to an outputstream . the value is converted to the opposed endian system while writing .
checks if this iterator has the unisolated connection open .
same as performfind but now returning a list instead of an iterator extra parameters viewindex : startpage of the partial list ( 0 = first page ) viewsize : the length of the page ( number of records ) extra output parameter : listsize : size of the totallist list
returns the string representation of this object .
closes this writer . this implementation closes the target writer .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
compares this vector with the specified object .
writes a boolean to the stream .
trains a set of strings and copy them to a string
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
create a new instance for the default locale .
returns the larger of two double precision numbers
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
write a varint ; value is treated as an unsigned value .
queue a column load , running the specified callback when the load has finished
checks if is available .
button
loads the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
remove a change listener .
get dump of the current thread as json .
url decodes the given string
thenacceptboth result completes exceptionally if either source cancelled
convert a string to a model object
test meta data functions that return result sets .
adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
resets the current log file list .
initialize a new composestate .
create the tool bar tool .
parses a date value . the formats used for parsing the date value are retrieved from the default http params .
construct a new regular expression filter with the specified flags case sensitivity .
this method is a thin wrapper for the jdbc execute . it is offered in this way to ensure consistency of error logging . warning : boolean return value here comes from jdbc and is not fully understood at this time .
counts the written bytes .
encode the string as an url .
checks the raw modules of a database .
read a string value ( allowing null values ) .
parses a string into a float .
create an instance of the specified java content interface .
request user password dialog
force a list of integers to be able to re - 1
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to an existing object .
intersect this clip with another region . as a result , this clip will become the intersecting area of the two regions .
returns true if this column can be read .
adds a new waiter to wait queue .
removes all entries from manager .
removes all the spaces at the beginning of the string .
asserts that two strings are equal .
prints a warning log message
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the full form of the stack .
clears the password expiration warned time .
returns a locale with the most - specific field removed , or null if this locale had an empty language , country and variant .
append a representation of the time zone of ' calendar ' to ' buffer ' .
remove the listeners on the title pane .
return a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with spaces . if str is already longer than totalchars , it is returned unchanged .
show tree view with all stats
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
the kernel function ( kn ) . this function performs the outer loop character - wise over the first input string s . for each character encountered , a recursion branch is started that identifies all subsequences in t starting with that character .
gets connection from a pool .
emits a method to clear a list or map . clearing the collections ensures that the collection is created .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
start the startup class
add text listener
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
load the url into the webview .
add a document to the lucene search index .
add commands from the specified hash map .
prints that the column is an auto increment column .
saves the given data to the file .
main worker run loop . repeatedly gets tasks from queue and executes them , while coping with a number of issues : 1 . we may start out with an initial task , in which case we don ' t need to get the first one . otherwise , as
write the block light to a buffer
cas waitstatus field of a node .
execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters
returns the next token if it matches the specified pattern . the token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that is currently being used ( or a string that matches the delimiter pattern ) . this method will block if input is being read .
add a new operation duration to this class . total is updated and calls is incremented
paint the background of an editable control .
adds defaults values to a service .
return canonical form . pmusgrave - put a space between products ( preserves format of header )
returns true if the metadata has been modified .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
helper method used to decode short unicode string , length for which actual length ( in bytes ) is known
creates a new type class for the given class .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
converts the action statistics map to a printable string .
sort the given tree with comparable .
expand the array passed in by the single element to add .
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
replaces a with b in c .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
enables or disables the right button , so that it matches the current member variables .
wsptypedecoder test , decode string appid test
removes all children actions ( separators as well ) from the group .
check is a file is writable . detects write issues on external sd card .
connect to the underlying database containing thl .
validate datastore definition . < p > this method performs synchronization as check whether a query has been set .
rotate transformation about the x axis
starts a factory service for the given instance service class using the provided factory creator on the factory ' s default uri path .
notify the reader of available data in the pipe . if the writer is asleep , wake it .
create a set of constraints between return type and any type to which it is assigned .
returns the number of columns in the key .
constructs an instance with the value present .
creates a new topic object .
this is not quite complete - we should follow up on the chain , a bit tricky if a certificate appears in more than one chain . . .
convert a group to a string
translates the line perpendicular at about p_dist .
reject the runnable for commands .
this method calculates maximum size of both width and height of bitmap . it is twice the device screen diagonal for default implementation ( extra quality to zoom image ) . size cannot exceed max texture size .
adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase .
turn an array of resource - colors ( contains resource - id integers ) into an array list of actual color integers
test file copy with overwrite and replacement tokens .
generate the mac based on hmac_algorithm
add a listener to the set of listeners
evaluates the tuple expression as a query string
writes a string to the output stream .
add a message to the list
start the pool of execution threads
converts a date object to a string .
accept and process a " stop entry .
loads the latest version of the filename extension .
start processing given node
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
compare to a number of an greater scale
reads a single character .
method to handle cancel button
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
sets the proxy server name .
verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention .
extracts element at current take position , advances , and signals . call only when holding lock .
get a random , positive whole number
attempts to prepare a for a given variable .
resets the text used to control the symbol box
learn a device using the given characteristics .
normalize the zero mean .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
get switch ' s wwn
counts how many times the substring appears in the given string .
adds the icon of the specified size and the given shape and returns it , uses the painticon method
read stream fully , returning contents in a byte array .
searches for a given target string .
checks correctness of the cache .
execute the game loop .
removes the env var variable .
calculate the mininal number of instances required to achieve a score as high as the given scorethreshold for the given lambda
returns the value on the top of the stack .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests on non numeric fields fail , feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive result
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine
utility method to determine whether the given point , in local coordinates , is inside the view , where the area of the view is expanded by the slop factor . this method is called while processing touch - move events to determine if the event is still within the
test the ability to run a partition .
a static helper function to actually do the type - safe checking of assignability .
deletes an existing id from the repository .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
returns a basic authentication header for the basic cookie .
add a new catalog entry to the list .
checks if the item is cached .
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
read the xml file .
check whether all required attributes have been granted .
runs the specified runnable in the thread .
send next message to the server .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
appends an attribute to the class .
returns whether the session is a session token or not .
returns the root mean squared error .
write data to buffer .
a hashmap that can be used to speed up a hashmap .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s left child is the new root .
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
updates the enabled state of the step .
adds a recorded value .
the graphical representation of a series .
checks a class signature .
selects an application id
reads the contents of the found urls as a strings and returns them . individual urls that cannot be read are skipped and added to the list of ' resourcesnotloaded '
adds a new external project entry to the project pool .
creates a url from a given uri .
adds a new zoom listener .
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the definition of a servlet with the same name .
extract the regular expression from the regular expression
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
adds an identity result mapping .
registers a quick fix for the annotation which is only available on a particular range of text within the annotation .
creates a new container zip entry with the specified name , iff it has not already been created .
runs the test case .
the start of the document .
convenience method to dump a profile string .
registers an observer for this object .
sends the heartbeat to the server .
writes message to to the output stream .
initializes the ssl context to the trust managers supplied by the trust manager factory for the given trust store .
creates a new random source with the specified source .
arg : adds a javac argument
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
this will convert string to boolean [ ] .
draws an axis line at the current cursor position and edge .
save a model in koml deep object serialized xml form .
sorts the most recently pushed span at the current position in the builder .
split the data set by distances .
drops a prefix from a path if it exists or returns original path if prefix does not match .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server
removes the given adaptable object from this list .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
compares the values of actual and expected .
force an authentication failure .
fetch the user details for the user credentials . a token or password is required to validate the user .
stops the test case .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
the implementation for pushmessageasync ( ) function .
write data to characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
returns the element corresponding to the given name .
read an array of longs from a file .
removes the first element from this array .
send a stream ' s string tuples in a websocket text message .
sorts the selected items in ascending numerical order .
return the host uri .
update the given path statistics .
test with a journal on which a single index has been registered with random data on the index .
returns true if the window is okay .
remove the subj - leader subj - leader = ( * subj - blob subj - refwd ) / wsp subj - blob = " [ " ] "
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
returns the next input stream from the source .
convert bitmap to byte array
returns an inflated name with the given prefix .
add a warning event handler . high priority handlers only get high priority warnings , and they are notified first . other handlers gets all warnings after high priority handlers are notified .
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
writes an attribute value .
translate attributes that describe an attribute matching rule definition into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
writes bytes to the socket .
skips the annotation member value at the current position in the specified byte buffer . the cursor of the byte buffer must point to a " member_value structure . "
recursively removes all nested edges of the input node .
generates code for the view in the panel .
awaits the next http request , removes it , and returns it . callers should use this to verify the request sent was as intended .
converts a location specified by the column to a column separator .
finds files within a given directory ( and optionally its subdirectories ) . all files found are filtered by an iofilefilter .
generate a sql for dropping table .
register a change listener .
returns whether the specified scroll is out of bounds
refresh lucene index query the lucene indexes on key fields .
remove all instructions from the given instructions
return true if the write node is currently acquired exclusively .
if deltay > 0 , trytomove the content down
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two negative numbers . the first is greater in absolute value .
delete a point at a certain point in the polygon coordinate list . if the position is less than zero , the point will be the starting point . if the position is greater than the list of current points , the point will be added to the end of
removes the left - based input text at the specified position .
cumulative density , static version
read in discrete dataset .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + port + wwn for storgeport objects
returns true if the paths can be removed without breaking the continuity of the model . this is rather expensive .
creates a new string reader .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
update the synth style if a property changes .
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the children .
causes current thread to wait until either another thread invokes the method or the method for this object , or a specified amount of time has elapsed . the current thread must own this object ' s monitor . this method causes the current thread ( call it t )
adds a field to run the multi match against with a specific boost .
return a string formatted as format
initializer for property debug .
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors , not 1 to maxsensors .
return the passed in value as a string .
return the probe ' s next sample .
applies replacement string to the given json object .
creates a new instance of pfxreader .
adds a " annotation " annotation to the given annotation .
gets a text descrption of the result producer .
this method processes the supplied list of packages .
checks if the directory is unlocked .
parses the path into an array of characters .
makes the given variable name available .
reads the submission and verifies the file size .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
determines whether or not the specified media type is supported .
exports all the dependency changes in the dependency .
todo this is a temporary workaround for https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 83600 and https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 85293
returns network availability status .
generate a random string with fixed length
creates a list of expected partition values for an existing partition key group .
returns the feature extractors name .
register a new memory .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given
formats a long value . for example : input = 1234567 / output = 1 , 234 , 567 .
removes the contribution of the given addon
copies the direct page to the given outputstream .
write part of an array of bytes .
asserts that we can handle " backup member .
handle request sent with a wrong binding
checks that the machine is in the given state . throws if it isn ' t .
sort movies in movie set .
parses a key - value pair with the given alias
poll the topic for statistics
constructs a new file that will be removed when it is complete .
calculates icon that is closest to the vertical axis in reference to the current icon . example of the check order for keycode_dpad_down : [ ] [ ] [ ] [ x ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ 5 ] [ 1 ] [
returns true if the edge and the cell ( including boundary ) intersect .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
displays navigator state information in the status overlay views .
the code to load a class from the given typeref .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
create a states which are dependant on this event and starts the execution of eligible states ( whose all dependencies are met ) .
creates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
removes all listeners from the list .
reads the default serializable field value for this instance , followed by the registrar ' s service id encoded as specified by the serviceid . writebytes method . verifies that the deserialized field values are non - null .
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
lookup a terminal by name string
method to create a new block only if it does not exist
modifies the resource bundle
escape constant fields into regular expression
constructs a char buffer with the given initial string
updates the ui state for opt out promo .
creates a geometry object .
remember to clean the is_new flag
tell whether the so is extracted .
finish the common query .
display the gui of the dialog .
initializes the instance of this tool .
calls the list of arguments .
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline . all others are centered .
reads the int value from the json array for specified index
add a property change listener
removes a dependent preference on this preference .
validates the storage policy create request .
returns a string representation of the tree
returns an array containing all of the elements in the specified collection .
creates a new formatter for the specified formatter .
computes the distances of all the node from the starting root nodes .
creates a string representation of the float argument . all characters mentioned below are ascii characters . if the argument is nan , the result is the string " nan " . otherwise , the result is a string that represents the sign and magnitude ( absolute value ) of
returns the position of the current line .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
adds a new frequency
parses an element with the given parser .
given a list of interval , and another interval . < p > intervals are inclusive of the start instant and exclusive of the end . an interval overlaps another if it shares some common part of the datetime continuum . this method returns the amount of the overlap ,
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
runs the test case .
determine if the expression consists of verbs .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
creates a new request .
runs the test case .
download the index files .
reads all the attributes from the file .
add all participants in the given collection of recents .
create a panel containing a radiobox .
copies the elements from src to dest . src and dest can be of different class , provided they match all fields .
reassign objects , but only if their bounds indicate it is necessary to do so .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
parse the supplied string as a uri .
creates a new kernel
initialize the congruence classes , assuming that all nodes with the same label are congruent .
invoke the given model .
adds a file to the classpath .
called when tree changes .
converts the given string into a generic object .
indicates whether this item has the specified object .
checks whether these versions of stendhal are compatible .
called when the server is failed .
processes an xml schema & lt ; element & gt ; tag
push a referenced reference to the top of the stack .
returns the version qualifier string for the directory server .
sequences the given query .
expunge stale entries from the table .
convenience function . operates on a list and returns a list containing all elements but the first .
create a list of integers consisting of the ranges defined by the provided argument e . g . . createranges ( 1 , 4 , 10 , 12 ) means create ranges 1 through 4 and 10 through 12 and should yield the list : 1 , 2 , 3
tear down after testing .
called when an object has been added to the beancontext . the informationdelegator will look for certain objects it needs .
call recalculateestimatedcompletiondate ( 0 , estimatedstartdate ) , so recalculated for all the routing tasks .
adds a new , empty document .
checks database metadata to see if a table exists . try upper , lower , and mixedcase , to see if the table is there .
runs the test case .
returns the next token in the comments .
update the final image array
computes the interval for a given interval .
checks if the given directory exists .
reads the bytecode of a class .
adds a port to an already - allocated - > switchport mapping
the graphical representation of a series .
converts internal representation into an actual string .
write a set of long objects
checks if is defined .
shows the chart viewer to the stage and displays it .
removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
test copy of an stream containing exactly one byte less than a full block of data .
runs the test case .
convert a byte array to an ip address .
evaluates the cf2 problem .
sends a " reply " line for an incoming request .
adds a http request to the request .
add a selection listener .
output a blank line
returns a string representation of this object .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
creates a new client object .
true if the first character of a string .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
returns the string representation of this vector .
add the committed text to the target
draws the selection rectangle .
determines the height of this view
construct a new exception with the specified root cause .
determine if there are any exportgroups in the initiator
handles thumb selection and movement . notifies listener callback on certain events .
creates a new incomplete score .
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
test negative number of radix 2
converts an antrl and ast into a filter and ast .
displays a dialog in a pop - up window .
construct a jsontokener from a reader .
reads a sequence of 8 - bit bytes from standard input ; compresses them using ttt codes with an 8 - bit alphabet ; and writes the results to standard output .
uses the given tokenizer .
compute the azimuth angle for a given location .
adds the all keys / values from the given named resource bundle to the defaults
method to handle 12 - hour display check box change
formats the value as a human - readable string .
extract the methods from the given stream .
update the server address
remove the item associated with the specified position of adapter
choose an array of strings into a single string .
return true if the destination is valid .
sort one storage pool out a list of candidates .
adds a waiting to the select list .
return a resource path for a given resource path .
see if the version is minor .
lists the command - line options for this classifier .
escape the 5 entities defined by xml .
forward project a matrix .
finds file by its absolute path
compares the results of the control and cloud clients .
get the text for the selected element
creates a context from the current context .
collapse a new row
queue a player ' s cape with the specified name .
remove vetoable change listener for row changes
send a status message to the input stream .
iterates the list of arguments in search of the target server launcher command .
edit method to edit a bookmark .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
converts a unicode character in a string to a utf32 code point value
creates a new widget
records the size of successive runs of white and black pixels in a row , starting at a given point . the values are recorded in the given array , and the number of runs recorded is equal to the size of the array . if the row starts on
finds a method with the given arguments .
return the first character of a string .
208 * decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer . 209
loops for the time periodically in interactive mode .
adds a point to the end of the polygon
load org access add tree to list
test similar to above , but instead reads a sequence of values
generates a certificate object and initializes it with the data read from the input stream instream .
converts the given value to the xml string value .
generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month which the given date is inside .
finds the counter that is not in the counter .
add an sms to the given uri .
runs the test case .
should never be called .
called once when a new sound file is added
expunge stale entries from the table .
runs the findbugs job on the given project .
report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners . if anyone vetos the change , then fire a new event reverting everyone to the old value and then rethrow the propertyvetoexception . < p > no event is fired if old and new are equal and non - null
called after the data has been written to the output stream .
removes the given connection
paints a rubberband circle between two points
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
translates any pending data to the output buffer .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
attempts to install requests handler .
shuts down the web server .
creates a new storage .
displays the information line label .
writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments .
tear down after testing .
verify signer ( string ) creates instance
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
send a stream ' s string tuples in a websocket text message .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
new instance , based on the supplied pattern . uses the whole matched regex as the entity text .
remove a loop from the graph .
bind a bindertype to a viewtype .
add two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
adds new values to the series
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by the input date
how much available space in the stack
decodes base64 data into octects
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
stores the given object in the murmur generic byte array .
paint the handle using the normal border .
add a label to the dialog .
called when a point is on the map .
combines two byte array into this byte array .
puts the given resources to their associated providers . this schedules the resources for addition ; they still need to be committed .
checks to see if the worker can run .
compares two objects for equality .
returns true if the two players are equal , false otherwise .
add a field with the specified value without any validation . only appropriate for headers from the remote peer or cache .
returns a description of the classifier .
this can be overridden by sublasses to mark a certain value as constantly non - null .
returns a list of the adapter
creates a new primary entity .
this is used to determine if the child component is currently displaying .
fills and returns an arraylist with neurons governed by the specified node type .
computes the angle between this point and another in radians .
fire this neuron listener .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
create an x509certificate object from a byte array .
handles a change in the current selection .
parse the terms input
formats the given value .
sets the initial builder .
execute delete operation with given template
calculates the modulus count for a particular value .
add a solrinputdocument to the end of the columns .
recursive jumper as described by jps algorithm
create a datasource from a byte array .
parse a string value to the required type
adds a new limitline to this axis .
readdata - - read the function code and data value
extracts buffered data into the provided byte [ ] array , starting at position bpos , up to a maximum of bavail bytes . returns how many bytes were actually extracted . < p > package protected for access from i / o streams .
trims current sam line by replacing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this queue . ( in other words , this method must allocate a new
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
runs the test case .
draws the chart legend .
fetch the metadata of a table .
encode the header into the given stringbuffer . default implemation calls encode ( ) .
reads bytes from the socket .
flushes the log operation .
adds pages that are linked to or is linked from one of the pages passed as argument .
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vnx . the difference with this implementation and the superclass ' is that here the creates will be run sequentially .
compares two percent objects .
override to allow for colons in the id without urlencoding them .
reads a signed 16 - bit integer , byte - swapping if necessary .
loads the modules of a database .
convert stressed phone to regular phoneme . this method merely removes the last character of the phone . subclasses should override this if another method is to be used .
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node . leading nodes of already explored states are dropped . so the resulting node state will always be unexplored yet .
checks if the given path is a file
compares the current attribute object with another object .
instantiates a new zookeeper server .
creates a new condition .
read a single path from a file .
returns a string representation of the current time .
sets current barrier generation as broken and wakes up everyone . called only while holding lock .
filters according to type .
send a log message .
writes the stack trace as a string .
builds a commandline request .
produce a string from a number .
create image element from item
create a thread register values .
sets the default parameters used in the configuration .
see if this ap pod should be triggered
appends all of the elements in the specified array to the end of this list .
read from the file .
send an error log message
calculates the score of the song given the play counts
remove a scanning callback .
paint / copy background to component
return the probe ' s next sample .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
is the current row a function row
shut down the job service by letting current tasks run to completion but accepting no further tasks .
determine if the given character can be at the beginning of a proposition symbol .
prints a z1 in default format .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
returns a string representation of the array .
returns a string with a given string , representing the ' length ' most - left characters
deletes transactions from a pool , if possible .
load a list of supported message
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
retrieve the region needing to be redrawn
creates a new sort specification that sorts on the given fields , all in ascending order .
returns true if the current token has been visited .
start viewactivity to start xmsview activity
deletes a resource recursively .
constructs a socks object .
remove next file and returns it ' s size
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
creates the gui of the dialog .
generates a random double between two limits . both limits are inclusive .
this constructs an instance . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
perform a range search on the kd - tree .
handles the start of an element .
connects to the server ' s inet address .
checks the reference to a type in a type annotation .
adds a new tracer .
increases size of array to accommodate at least one more element ( but normally expand by about 50 % )
add a value to the set randomly
tests submitting sequential events .
creates a new graph
trims version string version .
queries the inventory . this will query all owned items from the server , as well as information on additional skus , if specified . this method may block or take long to execute .
calculate the log score for each message id .
read the given file into a string using the specified encoding .
constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
saves data and writes it to disk . if exit is set , program will exit after save completes . complete indicates whether the user has marked the isntancs as complete . if updatedsavename is non - null , the instances content provider is updated with the new name
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
returns true if key for preloading .
generates challenge for the client side .
convert a block in the fcfg into a basic block .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
run the task with a given number of times .
pack a list of integers into a byte array .
this is the way to remove a request by number
callback function when heatmap generation has failed
inflate a layout maximum by the configuration framework .
gets object field offset .
add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates
writes a number of bytes to the rrd file on the disk
concatinate the iv to the ciphertext using array copy . this is used e . g . before computing mac .
return a timestamp for right now
creates a new material .
returns the edge whose first two coordinates are p0 and p1
give the compressed character translation table .
marks an issue as being active .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
runs the test case .
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
display an error message in the text area .
an unparsed entity declaration .
flush any buffered messages .
encode text as utf - 8
processes a focus event .
adds the given property to the request that will be sent
execute a task that should be run once in the game loop thread .
serialize to a byte buffer
load an array of constants from a class definition
parses a string value to a calendar
process incoming touch events
returns a qname holding the specified bit value .
read the next record from the file .
simple composition of a component .
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
removes a listener for the treemodelevent posted after the tree changes .
constructs a new uri instance .
adds a parameterized view to the stream .
copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer , and append to the complete recording . public int read ( byte [ ] audiodata , int offsetinbytes , int sizeinbytes )
change the current transform .
creates an instance of a zonerules .
gets hash code for a given object .
adds a template which should be used to control the matching entries the iterator will iterate over .
attach the camera bitmap from camera image
a function to find the minimum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
allows the mbean to perform any operations it needs before being registered in the mbean server .
returns a string if the input matches the given pattern .
returns a string representation of the given annotation value , suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .
allocates a new byte buffer .
adds a new value to the series .
validates a list of attributes .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
put a string in the buffer .
an external entity declaration .
sets the alpha model .
create a class descriptor from a type descriptor .
this method validates a reserveresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - delay execution after a specific time has been reached .
draws a filled ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes , centered on ( x , y ) .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
swaps a cursor on the screen .
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
determines if the class can be repaired , or is a primitive class .
generates the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + < < type > > + unique_id for port , adapter & pool objects .
an aes key derived from a base64 encoded key . this does not generate the key . it ' s not random or a pbe key .
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
sorts the children of a tree .
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ; .
this function builds an input string .
check if the contact is sound
iterate over view controllers
checks whether the key is valid or not .
returns a boolean indicating whether the proxy has been shutdown or not .
overload this method in derived class to initialize your rule instance with default values
the graphical representation of an arc .
formats a date using a format string .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
constructs a message with the specified algorithm .
creates the gui elements of the component .
merge sort . < p / > time complexity : o ( n log n ) space complexity : o ( n ) ( also needs o ( log n ) stack space as it is recursive )
copy plugins for limited access control .
writes the given bytes into the buffer .
confers with policy and calls appropriate callback method .
sends the request to the given stream .
removes the provided view from underlying recyclerview .
consume a css identifier ( id or class ) off the queue ( letter , digit , - , _ ) http : / / www . w3 . org / tr / css2 / syndata . html # value - def - identifier
test against the " void generateseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that the method throws npe if argument supplied is null
serializes a serializer node .
creates a new activity .
roll a failure patch .
parse the geometry string as a byte array .
this method will be called by dispatcher , and will be repeated till return false .
get the position of the map .
static version of lastindexof .
returns whether an undo is possible , i . e . whether there are any undo points saved so far
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
calculate the destination offset for the file .
update the project events .
user clicked the flashing icon , display the exception window .
figures out the initial heights for allday events and space when a view is being set up .
update the priority - ordered list of visible tabs .
tostring , leveldatatostring , & walkgraph methods to implement explorenode interface
request igfs config on remote node .
scrolls to the next notification .
calls the super method and writes the id of this node , the numentries and the entries array to the specified stream .
adds a new relation from the node given as argument to the current node .
initialize the configuration object .
get list of zone
associates a read object with the its serialization handle .
add an extension header to this map .
merges this frame with the given frame .
process comma - separated list of javascript query command
perform a scroll to the closest animation .
updates the property list .
assigns service to an entity .
expands the cluster to include density - reachable items .
getdoublearrayelements : get all the elements of a float array
parse a well - based context string .
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tuner via the bulk interface
write full text to the output stream .
add payment payment amount in payment currency
attempt to register any unregistered extension namespaces .
removes all objects from this group .
deletes the display name of a existing user
returns the new type node corresponding to the type of the given declaration including the extra dimensions .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
wait for number of foos .
binds a callback to lifecycle events
returns paths list index of given path or - 1 if not found . note : use indexof ( string , string ) for path inside jars
destroy a new volume .
computes a set of curves using the cardinal spline approach , but using straight lines for completely horizontal or vertical segments .
check if vitamio is valid
converts string to byte array .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
generate a clone of the zoneset
writes the signature to the output stream .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
builds a select statement template later used for prepared statement .
starts the animation given as parameter .
check if uri key is a uri .
receives data from the device . returns after the given timeout even if no data has been received .
adds a handler to the channel
runs the test case .
send the connection to the server .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a list containing the elements of the specified collection , in the order they are returned by the collection ' s iterator .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
adds the argument to the command .
translates the given byte array into a byte string .
creates a new instance of this class .
this prepares the known points matrix for ordinary kriging
deserialization object from file .
to check if the segment is merged or not .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
add emojicon group list
updates the end of measurement .
should include the include path
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
selects a list of units from the table .
returns an automaton that accepts the union of the languages of the given automata . < p > complexity : linear in number of states .
list data listener contents changed method .
adjust creature based on the given data
create a windowsfileattributes from an array of partitions .
reads the property from a safe serialization format .
javax . net . ssl . sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address , int port , inetaddress clientaddress , int clientport )
converts user input into a path .
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n . must be negative when shifted left by resize_stamp_shift .
read a byte from the input stream .
decompress the hash description using a huffman coding .
checks if the given emote is ignored .
is the given property allowed ?
read a file from an xml element .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is - 1 .
accept the underlying socket file .
writes a document to a file .
send a fatal error log message
report download progress through the database if necessary .
creates a new , empty document .
( unknown ) set a triangular waveform for one voice .
handles add request handler request .
draws a data point at ( x , y ) .
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
checks if a chunk of data is set .
parses the validator with the given columnmetadata .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
creates a session from the given bytes .
add the given file to dump store
creates a date using the ordinal date format . specification reference : 5 . 2 . 2 .
writes an attribute value .
checks whether the given pagenumber is a page
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
returns a list with erasure dimensionalitemobject based on the given collection .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created
add new table to the db
encode a byte array
adds a listener to be notified when the configuration changes
puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list .
this method is fired after the tab has been created and placed in the tab controller .
main scheduling implementation class .
utility method to combine a base hash with the identity hash of one or more objects .
returns an object vector from a string vector .
returns a string describing this filter
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
test with the " void " variable .
subclasses should no longer implement this method . use the findandinit ( object ) instead , so subclasses and superclasses can be given the opportunity to use the object , too .
decode the data source properties from xml .
returns the next character in the iteration
adjust the column widths of a table based on the table contents .
bulk delete volume uris .
parse a format string into a format string .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
updates the enabled state of the table .
generate the url for a given string .
wait for the future to finish .
returns a string of the array of plain text .
continues a multi - part transformation ( encryption or decryption ) . the transformed bytes are returned .
send an error log message
create a packed color based on the given dimensions .
perform sql update statement .
returns true if the lock is acquired .
runs the test case .
returns the hash code value for the object .
adds a new action to the card .
add distinct entry to list
display the filename in a commonhelpdialog
store the location in the app preferences .
returns a point2d instance .
compares the specified object to this list and return true if they are equal . two lists are equal when they both contain the same objects in the same order .
produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray . values containing the comma character will be quoted . troublesome characters may be removed .
remove a table from the database .
is the given category included in the filter ?
determines if the passed volume is a source volume for any consistency group full copies .
tests two nominal mappings for its size .
runs the test case .
performs an entity maintenance security check . returns haspermission = true if the user has the entity_maint permission .
unit test for the device .
to be called when explanation is presented to the user
simple puts the thread to sleep for the passed duration .
prints a string followed by a newline .
reads into a character buffer using the correct encoding .
parses a 32 - bit int .
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value
returns true if the given program is in the program .
creates a directory recursively .
test round - trip encoding of random doubles
checks whether an mbean , identified by its object class .
[ < rn > , + / - < rm > , asr # < shift_imm > ] ! 0b10 / asr / if shift_imm = = 0 then / asr # 32 / if rm [ 31 ] = = 1 then index = 0xffffffff else index = 0
return the class with the given name .
wait for the operations
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the interior of the target geometry . handles both linear and point components .
create a simple post request
creates a new instance of this url .
parse an integer value from a string .
constructs a dataset containing a single series ( more can be added ) , tied to the default timezone .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
returns a list of the given elements , in order .
this is to implement memory allocation in the array . like malloc ( ) .
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document .
create a new age object
draws the interiour of an ellipse .
multiplies the range on the domain axis / axes by the specified factor .
refreshes the challenge token
creates an identity object .
convert an image to an ardor3d image
returns true if feature is available to be available .
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
adding a new row with the totals
fills the stack trace from the root exception .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
makes this object immutable .
return real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
modifies the configuration object .
creates a new instance of the setup setup .
attempts to cas - increment the workercount field of ctl .
make a list of items at the given position .
return true if the local path is a windows absolute path .
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value .
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list . also creates a text node with the given value and appends it to the new elements child node list .
determines whether or not the current segment is balanced
parse a set of attributes .
loads a key file from the specified location .
multiple solutions where an empty solution appears in the middle of the sequence .
adds a term condition .
switches the underlying output stream from a memory based stream to one that is backed by disk . this is the point at which we realise that too much data is being written to keep in memory , so we elect to switch to disk - based storage .
remove the indices in the interval index0 , index1 ( inclusive ) from the selection model . this is typically called to sync the selection model width a corresponding change in the data model . note that ( as always ) index0 can be greater than index1 .
rebuilds the list of events .
creates a new disk space monitor .
deletes a directory recursively .
writes an array of bytes into this byte string . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
mark the occurrence of a rop registers .
registers a default resource . this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .
processes a response that requires authentication
releases the data in the buffer .
this class is uninstantiable .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
draws a range marker .
initialize the full - tree .
lock user interface . called from the worker before processing
assumes that complete ( ) has been called and returns true .
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
treat different names for the same e - mail case
execute a sql prepared query .
stores the stack for the given exception
returns a elf formatter
read a byte array from a url .
checks the current recurrence validity for checktime .
create a new network and get an id
convert an long to a string of bytes .
creates a new request .
returns true for a static method .
check if two strings are equal .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the system line separator .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
called when the layer has been clicked .
checks what type of version of ip range is
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location . the selection may be moved so that it does not intersect the faded edges . the grid is then filled upwards and downwards from there .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
this is called by the nested wrapped line views to determine the break location . this can be reimplemented to alter the breaking behavior . it will either break at word or character boundaries depending upon the break argument given at construction .
convert this simplex to an array of int [ ]
inject the content of the file .
check whether charsequence c is empty .
turns a settings string value into a double value .
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for named event . this object is responsible for recording this fact .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
the code that does the real work of lookup . as a special case , if the template specifies at least one service type to match , and there are multiple items that match the template , then we make a random pick among them , in an attempt to
returns true if the current instance of this task must be run after at least one task in the task manager queue . the criteria for determining what value to return : if the task list contains any registerlistenertasks , other lookuptasks , or notifyeventtasks associated with this task '
generate a key based on hmac_algorithm
returns a copy of the given array .
delete a path on the device .
parse the content of the given url as a provider - configuration file .
initialize the pattern state .
creates a new line .
update the known attachment points . this method is called whenever topology changes . the method returns true if there ' s any change to the list of attachment points - - which indicates a possible device move .
similar to the beginning of the model .
formats a double representing a quantity into a string
truncates string to a length less than length . backtracks to throw out high surrogates .
escape a string to create a valid json string
answers a sortedset of the specified portion of this treeset which contains elements greater or equal to the start element but less than the end element . the returned sortedset is backed by this treeset so changes to one are reflected by the other .
this method checks if the calibration has passed since the unit , this method will not be used to check if the user has expired
indexes the given field of the provided tuple instance .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
parses the docuemnt element for this object .
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
inserts fullscreen information into a list .
get a stream from the given url .
adds a new item to the adapter ' s list .
copy share share object with the smb share .
parse the pidf input
deletes all photos of a existing user
this method creates a new instance of signature .
creates the channel selection object
compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
the length of the hierarchy of names .
setup and run a test .
import text from file
returns list of file cos ids
signals the specified task .
invoked this to insert newchild at location index in parents children . this will then message nodeswereinserted to create the appropriate event . this is the preferred way to add children as it will create the appropriate event .
return the probe ' s next sample .
write lines to a file .
verifies the complete authentication tag
returns the mime type for the given extension .
update the cache with this binder
removes new line character from a string .
creates a new routing used for saving xml files .
add a dted directoryhandler to be used for the dtedframecache .
adds a file provider .
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
read from input to establish our buffer of " parse ahead " lookahead symbols .
split a set of objects into the specified variable by the specified variable .
writes the header for persons csv file
called when the view navigates .
show a task that is not needed immediately .
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement . the replacement string can contain $ 1 , $ 2 etc . referring to matched groups in the regular expression .
migrate a list of all entities in an entity
adds entries to the passed in map , using the supplied appname as the key . the default value will be used if both provided old and new names are null . the value inserted will be the newname value if it differs from the oldname value . no changes
start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket , keepalive .
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
encodes byte array from an utf - 8 string
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
returns whether the specified object equals to this finite field .
how big should the nth chunk be ?
constructs a serializer object .
loads a key from the given fileinputstream .
get whether or not a type in a given slot is exact .
sets the flag which will be used to compute all possible .
consume one character off queue .
process the http request .
override the equals method . two coverageintvdts are equal if and only iff their respective attribute and value members are equal .
accept the file pointed .
adds multivalued option to arguments .
or for a negative and a positive number ; the first is shorter
checks if the webapp with the given activity
start the timer mechanism .
determine if the url is contained in this page .
write a row to the table .
send a string to the multicast address .
list the initial token .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns the string representation of this object .
does the work of getting the path .
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
sign the assertion with the given id
returns the next element in the iteration .
convenience method to de - serialize a byte array back into object form . < p / >
create a new interval .
indicates whether the option value for the parameter key is true .
constructs a new shoppingcart object .
bind the specified stream to the current thread .
initialize the map
samples according to the density function
evolves the specified permutations using the pmx operator .
extracts the span , with leading and trailing whitespaces omitted .
closes the thread ' s internal state .
return true if delay exists
push boolean value on to the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml : space = default / preserve .
register a default device to be registered .
called when the view navigates .
creates a new stream reader .
sets the message delivery .
return a string representation of a decoded canmessage
returns the class membership probabilities for the given example set .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
returns a hash code for this object .
returns a deep copy of this iterator . the cloned iterator is not reset .
zeroes the current query .
returns true if the given key is in the wallet , false otherwise .
adds the given byte array to the end of the program .
sets the rotation angle , in radians , of all 2d rotation planes added to this builder .
write the users property to the server .
converts the specified double to its string representation .
see specification gbt 18284 - 2000
create a record representing a data producer .
constructs a new singletimedscheduler with the given thread .
carry out a lookup in the cache with the given parameters .
add a new condition .
read a byte array of the length of the buffer , and store it into it .
peek into . flex file to get package and class name
prints msg and exception to system . out .
fetch the srdf protected target virtual pool uris .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits ) low - endian layout for the array .
converts literal to hex string
get the real uri from the cookie " domain " and " path " attributes , if they are not set then uses the uri provided ( coming from the response )
send an info log message
add not null entry to list
creates a new dimportkeypairtype dialog .
pretty printing accumulator function for longs
replace substrings of one string with another string and return altered string .
helper method for * setobject * tests . insert data into the given preparedstatement , or any of its subclasses , with the following structure : 1 - ` id ` int 2 - ` ot1 ` varchar 3 - ` ot2 ` blob 4 - ` odt1 ` varchar
remove an event listener .
running process accepting connections .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method deals with the fact , that the decoding process doesn ' t always yield a single most likely value . the current error correction implementation doesn ' t deal with erasures very well , so it ' s better to provide a value for these ambiguous codewords instead
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream .
get the blocks at the given index .
constructs a lockablefilewriter with a file encoding .
appends a text description to the end of the program .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
converts a string to a url .
parses a comma - style value from the given object .
a locale independent version of touppercase .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
updates the new environment variable .
creates a new character class for each character of the specified string .
adds the entry with the given tag .
returns the next token from this string tokenizer .
remove a service node from the node list
converts a byte array to a string .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
adds a content items .
send an opening handshake request .
sets the minimum and deals with the - 1 initialization ! .
emit a number of running tasks .
rotate theta degrees about the x axis
creates a new instance of testutils
scale the given rectangle .
returns a unprintablecharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
determines the height of this view
checks if the id is null ( or matches the null_uri ) .
update the pending list .
limit the value to the specified range .
creates and displays the title .
check availability of internet
delete an exit item
calculate distance for a channel from a channel to destination / from it .
apply matrix to handle the image inside the image view .
add a listener to be notified when startup is complete
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception .
start optimization of old files .
creates a des encryption key from the given key material .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
creates a new output .
returns a string representation of the text node .
scans the xpointer expression
adds a source line to the output file .
allocates a new string that contains the sequence of characters currently contained in the string buffer argument .
return the number of signers in the collection .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
methods for starting asynchronous execution . the child process inherits all environment variables of the parent process . result provided to callback handler .
returns the range of y - values in the specified dataset for the data items belonging to the visible series and with x - values in the given range .
instantiates a new assistant execution manager .
checks if the attribute set is set .
updates zoning information in the unmanaged export mask for a given set of initiators and storage ports .
waits for the default machine .
move the cursor to the selected row
the function whose roots are to be computed .
read stream as ascii .
indicates the number of components making up this identifier .
round ( bigdecimal , mathcontext ) when precision = 0
converting a less than threshold to a random number of keys .
returns the string representation of this vector .
retrieve a publickey instance from a string .
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
generates a shape representing a point .
return the terminal classname from a fully specified classname
adds a graphic to the overlay .
returns the string representation .
performs the native wgl flip operation for the given target component .
add a property restriction .
initialise google analytics immediately so it will catch all sorts of errors prior to easytracker onstart . also makes sensible exception stack traces if you want .
called when the user has been moved .
creates a new service id instance .
called when the start of an element .
adds a finally clause for earch return statement .
returns the next xml meta token . this is used for skipping over < ! . . . > and < ? . . . ? > structures .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
encode a list into json text and write it to out . if this list is also a jsonstreamaware or a jsonaware , jsonstreamaware and jsonaware specific behaviours will be ignored at this top level .
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values
update the last modified time .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
adds the private key to a jks or pfx ( pkcs12 ) - keystore .
check whether the file needs to be loaded .
draws the chart legend .
the template source definition .
disables all buttons in the interface
recursion . recurrence relation : isadditivenumber = can find the third number
write a portion of a string .
add a switch port to the quarantine queue . schedule the quarantine task if the quarantine queue was empty before adding this switch port .
this method will prepare the sort index data from the given data and write it to a sort index file
add a feature to the feature set .
creates a copy of a string
sort the mounteds , generally using a weaponcomparator .
writes the text in textual representation .
sets executor to executors . newfixedthreadpool ( default_pool_size ) and handler to new handler ( )
check if a method is a valid method name
creates a password reset exception object .
calculates the union of the arrays , taking first the elements of the firstarray and then the new elements of the secondarray .
check if the state has been changed
execute the function . the function must return a valid object .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
grab the method name from the signature
create a new set of gauges from the given stream .
returns the size of the nodeset
returns the next element in the iteration .
escapes bytes in the byte array .
repeats the specified substring a list of times .
replaces all occurrences of several class names in the class file .
handles return to server configuration page request .
constructs a new exception with the specified cause .
return the euclidian distance between two coords
called when a test run .
returns the authorization challenges appropriate for this response ' s code . if the response code is 401 unauthorized , this returns the " www - authenticate " challenges . if the response code is 407 proxy unauthorized , this returns the " proxy - authenticate " challenges . otherwise
converts the given session to bytes .
creates a new instance with the specified seed .
verifies the signature on the certificate using the previous public key .
encrypts the password using a hash .
returns the number of rows in the dataset .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
converts a byte array to a string representation
wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum .
this method is called via reflection from the database .
installs a sound defined by the user
returns the number of fragments in the expression .
get the encoding value a glyph given its name and a name table .
transform source bitmap to targeted width and height .
scores a collection of waypoint results .
method that provides some notion of the current time in milliseconds since the beginning of the epoch . default implementation calls system . currenttimemillis ( )
send a verbose log message .
encode single double in big - endian format .
stores long value with volatile semantic .
runs commands and return output
draws a circle of radius r , centered on ( x , y ) , from angle1 to angle2 ( in degrees ) .
prints a double followed by a newline .
write a 16 bit signed value to the out stream
map a character sequence to a string .
add a button pressed listener .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
fills in the xmlattributes object .
creates a jcomponent with the properties to be changed .
internal copy file method .
deserialize a kdbentry from a data source
transform a list of annotations .
runs the test case .
check if at least one permission in the list of denied permissions has been granted .
fetch the client cache from cache .
paints a portion of a highlight .
adds a control psr to the list for this phase .
processes are added to the same as used in the class .
recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color and offsets
returns string representation of oid . note : it is supposed that passed array of integers contains valid oid value , so no checks are performed .
grows the size of the stack
called by the thread after exiting the idle state .
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation .
compares this name with another , for equality .
repaints all the children in this group .
validates a dns name for format
read a comment in the xml comment .
find the next character in the string .
guess a best url type from the provided url .
used for testing - - input is a full csv line : < freq , domain , ip , ts , opt : generic >
connect to the server .
cache whether the solr server is invalid
collect the active ivr zone
get an empty immutable array .
replaces all non - minus nodes in a list of non - minus nodes .
return a string representation of this treenode .
returns a hash code value for this attribute .
deletes a vertex to the graph .
read file to string list , a element of list is a line
adds node to cache .
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
compares two collections by name .
returns true if the underlying resource has changed . xxx : restore ismodified ( ) with
creates a new hidden - acceleration image for an image .
compares two version strings .
creates a data source .
get the set of keys for resident entries .
scroll to the current item .
add single meta - data to range object .
removes the t word .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the second is longer .
add an item to the internal list , e . g . , if it no longer exists on disk .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
invokeany ( empty collection ) throws illegalargumentexception
creates a new package using the specified information .
closes this character stream .
creates the blockobject blocksnapshot data .
start the server , i . e . , unbinds it from all ports . frees .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
forwards caught exceptions to input stream .
clears the result of the composed .
returns a string representation of the given collection .
check if value within allowed range .
this method replaces a place holder with the place holder .
looks up an array of comparable attributes .
is the multiple frame the same ?
parse an xml configuration from a file .
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
creates a new zookeeper file in the specified directory .
posts the given event to the event bus .
choose an alias to authenticate the server side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
process image in xobject ( xform handled in pdfstreamdecoder )
creates a new path handler .
loads the lines from the console .
load default excclude patterns for java / ant
remove the argument iff it is present .
description of the method
constructs an attribute instance .
creates a note message .
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other . while it ' s not a defect per se if the xids are we want to ensure we use different ones for each message we send .
add a node as one of the previous nodes .
callback for the config dialog
read utf counted string .
don ' t use this yet .
reset all internal state to be at the top of the grid .
calls super . nexttoken ( ) and prints out a string representation of token type and content .
returns the repaintmanager for the specified component manager .
returns true if the initiator object represents a vplex storageport .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
write the contents of the buffer to the server .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
removes wheel clicking listener
adds the given section to the list of sections . sections in the medusa library usually are less eye - catching than areas .
calculates and sets the preferred to the target line ' s indent space .
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding its capacity as necessary .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
reads all the data from the specified input stream and writes it to the stream .
add a matching rule in the canonical mime t form such as " image / * " or a mime t literal such as " text / html " .
utility method to validate a number is correct .
send a message to the worker thread .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
turns an array of strings into an list of strings .
picks the given charset .
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation
removes all mappings from this hash map , leaving it empty .
adds a layer to the map
read the specified file of rules .
applies updates to the word set being managed by this resource .
draws a text label .
write a portion of an array of characters .
detect the given episode from the given file
creates an operation that creates an array of the given type and size .
fire an event to listeners .
convert a preference expression to any preference type .
expunges stale entries from the table .
returns true if the passed string is a valid number .
tells whether a given type is a boolean
construct a key from its encoding . called from newkey above .
convert a calendar to a java . util . date
are we in client mode ?
creates a standard edit panel of the dialog .
write the text and append a newline ( using the platform ' s line - ending ) .
get the child at the given index .
if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
converts the given value to its string representation .
removes the leading and trailing quotes .
returns whether a namespace is defined
a shallow clone requires cloning the attributes but not the child nodes .
creates a new dbasicconstraints dialog .
static version of lastindexof .
create a new doublecolumn .
read sin records ( in fact does nothing )
purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected .
checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterinstantconverters ' .
determine whether this coordinates object equals the target object .
adds a new value to the series .
check if size ( a ) = = size ( b )
imports the date from the listener list .
writes a document into a file .
dispatches to lucene ' s simplequeryparser ' s newprefixquery , optionally lowercasing the term first or trying to analyze terms
creates a call from stmt s to sootmethod m
start up the player stop encoding
compute p_i ( gaussian distribution , outliers )
deletes all files in a folder
validates that the string is not empty
resets this context ' s surfaces and initial value .
convert data to collection .
when logout occurs , only invalidate the current user .
creates an operation to be update operation .
returns a hash code for this object .
decodes base64 data into octects
creates a new socket , binds it to myaddress : myport and connects
close the file opened when creating the mp4parser .
rotate vector counter - clockwise in x - y by an angle .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
gets the contents at the given uri .
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data , replacing the previous mapping if there was one .
hides the border which has been border .
this method removes the business transaction configuration .
adds a point to the density estimator .
add a tag to the tag .
outputs the ssl connection to the server .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
returns the values in the order specified
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
initialize the internal state .
serializes the expression to a string .
initialize the internal frame maximize button settings .
restores a workflow . method for resync
remove a data source listener
returns a substring of the given string , representing the ' length ' most - left characters
clear the name of all blocks in the node .
constructs a data object from rawjson string .
called when a grid is being stopped .
push the folder of the last template loaded as a temporary relative reference . this can be useful if we need to resolve other references that are ( or could be ) relative to the previous loaded template .
prints the first print element of the sequence to the target .
draws a cubic line .
adds a new event to the head of the queue .
create a new schema .
initialize board
hbase table connection callback function
add primitive type abbreviation to maps of abbreviations .
initialize the image map entity .
find and return the replicator log directory .
construct a stringdatatype object from data
writes the constant to the output stream .
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
execute a command in a separate directory .
used to check destination track to see if it will accept rolling stock
close the stream , flushing it first . once a stream has been closed , further write ( ) or flush ( ) invocations will cause an ioexception to be thrown . closing a previously - closed stream , however , has no effect .
normalizes a given path string into a list of empty directories .
returns a random method .
record the given exception .
invoked before the service is done .
invoked if the computation completes successfully
stops the tcp connection .
write the current speech data by appending the data in the input stream .
parses the provided string template .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
this method is responsible for creating the correct xml tag .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
checks the see if the server are based on the server
returns current nanosecond time .
removes the extension from the recognizer .
retrieve list of namespace declaration locations active at this node . list is an suballocatedintvector whose entries are the namespace node handles declared at that id . % review % directly managed arrays rather than vectors ? % review % handles or ids ? given usage , i think handles
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
adds the specified observer to the list of observers . if it is already registered , it is not added a second time .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
calculates the distance between the given data point and the the specified cluster
format a command line .
adds a key - value mapping .
release a field of an object
converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects .
converts the pool of execution threads
adds a group properties listener .
this function edits a global instruction comment in the database .
load the first occurrence of the specified object
clear any existing session .
checks if the provided dn exists .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
initialize jni field and method ids
returns an integer corresponding to the given name .
process notification of the start of an xml element being reached .
check type of section element defined by key . return true this element is string
this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes specified in the vmlist
generates a householder transformation object .
report product version information from ant .
create the network using the parameters .
check for equality of the two characters sequences starting at the specified index
divide zero by a negative number .
total number of productions with this non terminal on the lhs .
add the given node to the set of " tight " nodes .
returns true if this event is disabled and shouldn ' t be processed by window currently if target component is disabled the following event will be disabled on window : buttonpress , buttonrelease , keypress , keyrelease , enternotify , leavenotify , motionnotify
creates new jar dialog where the parent is a frame .
transform a matrix to the screen
convert string representation of an array of characters .
return a string representation of this object .
adds a listener event
checks if we have dragged the ready to run out of the process .
localized timestamp to string .
adds a ping to the batch .
prints the user message .
connect the underlying socket file descriptor to the remote host .
check the given string is a boolean literal
handles an append request failure .
selects the most suitable preview and picture size , given the desired width and height . < p / > even though we may only need the preview size , it ' s necessary to find both the preview size and the picture size of the camera together , because
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
converts attributes into a map .
makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this instruction .
create a list from passed objx parameters
reads the next part of the related file
obtiene si la lista de valores es multiple lines
computes the values of the estimator
translates the ofvendordatatype instance that has been registered with this vendor id .
creates a list of shaperecord to draw a rectangle
find the minimum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
moves the selected item up in the model ( and table ) . this can behave kind of odd when the table is filtered or sorted automatically , so it should not be used then .
creates a new jar file .
shuts down the executor service .
converts a set of paths
unlock user interface . called from the worker when processing is necessary .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
return day + offset ( truncates )
rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
clean the head of the frontier and deletes them from the queue .
adds wheel changing listener
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml
concatenates two byte arrays .
assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received .
asserts the argument is valid , as determined by the caller passing the result of an evaluated expression to this assertion .
returns true if the calendar is currently enabled , false otherwise .
construct the login profile
this method is used to initiate the volume to scsi initiator
returns the collection ' s iterator as a collection .
add the path to the start of the path .
parse the content of this node .
get a random byte array starting at the specified offset .
removes all board callbacks .
reads entire binary file if not specified .
handles gateway receiver creation
checks the shape of a shape using the settings of the current graphics state .
returns whether the file is visible or not .
appends a string to the end of the array .
deletes all files in the cache directory .
construct a new string by converting the specified subarray of bytes using the specified character encoding . the length of the new string is a function of the encoding , and hence may not be equal to the length of the byte array . bytes - the bytes to be
only used for debugging .
compute the editor for a view .
read a byte array .
construct a cuboid in the given world name and xyz co - ordinates .
calculates the log marginal likelihood of a model using newton and raftery ' s harmonic mean estimator
returns true if the message starts with & quot ; destroy ( & quot ; or if it equals & quot ; destroy & quot ;
installs the smtp properties .
writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of doubles written .
loads the comma separated list of ip addresses from the given address .
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
splits a string into an array of strings .
queues up the executorservice to the current time .
add a new name with the specified name . if name is already in the collection , it is returned .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
for the commandmanager init .
the start of an element .
create an omraster center point .
create a hyphenation pattern file .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
returns the root node of the user preference hierarchy .
return a long value out of a given socket identifier .
called by the providers when the details of an artist have been updated .
tell if the table contains the given string .
read the contents from a file
converts a tile to an x tile .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
input the named connection
creates a new instance of a class manager .
display the current render surface .
returns the last login time .
splits text to words
add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list , and enqueue it into the list to broadcast when notify ( ) is called . if the app is already in the list , doesn ' t add it .
enum is compared as string values
remove leading and trailing dots
convert a string into an array of strings .
cas head field . used only by enq .
[ not supported ] searches a pattern and return the position .
load the list of files .
read a line of text and return it as a string .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
check if a table exists in a table .
read a label from the input stream .
checks whether the given string contains a literal pattern .
compress the given bytes to the output stream .
establish an invariant that the specified service is joined with the met quorum .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
do the appropriate processing for cfb mode encryption .
prints the string representation of an element .
adds each of the provided connections to the current tree as children of their respective parents . the parent connection groups must already be added .
loads mappings from a stream .
adds a decoration at the end of the list .
attempt to parse a link reference , modifying the internal reference map .
record block volume related event and audit
add data with a given weight .
closes the underlying rrd file .
gets the size of the list .
create a warning diagnostic .
creates a new instance of the class
handles edit sub configuration request .
remove a graph listener
returns true if this connection is ready to host new streams .
adds the given column to this table at the given position in the column list
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
initializes all components used in dialog .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
returns the norm of the vector .
gets a string representation of the value .
returns a hash code value for this object .
deserialize the archive archive archive .
converts a ring of directededges , accumulating them into a list of nodes .
generate the mac based on hmac_algorithm
removes a listener on group chat events
updates the bounds for the scrollbar .
write the new journal to the output file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
returns true if the charsegment matches the string , ignoring the case .
invoked when the mouse button has been released on a component .
computes the maximum value for each series .
add a channel from the model and broadcasts a channel remove event
joins an array of objects into one string with separator .
returns true if the store has a body .
create supply document to balance qtyplnned
returns the number of parameters in this parameter file .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
load the values for this step from an xml node
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
calculates the dot product ( or " scalar product " ) of this vector with the vector v .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
returns the standard deviation
trims an array to the required size .
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
compares a date with a date
decode the next chunk in the file .
tries to retreive the connection .
multiply a value by a key .
is the given log level currently enabled ?
compute the package fragment children of this package fragment .
quote the given file into a string .
reads a data from the input stream .
clears the list of maps .
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image .
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
update end of ' mousedown ' .
builds the invocation cache object .
this method compute the mark of the audit . here is the algorithm formula : ( ( 1 - rationmi ) * passed / ( passed + failed ) + rationmi needmoreinfo / ( passed + failed + needmoreinfo ) ) * 100f where rationmi = needmoreinfo / ( passed
gcd : the first number is zero
test of getkingsq method , of class movegen . pawn moves .
implements golay ( 23 , 12 , 7 ) error detection and correction . returns the number of detected errors . if the error count is less than or equal to the max correctable errors ( 3 ) , then the error bits are corrected . otherwise the message is
validate the view parameter expressions and return the validated expression for later execution . < p > does not evaluate the expression .
parses a relative path and returns the result .
picks an encoding for an external entity . defaults to utf - 8 .
generates a url for a particular item within a series .
returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state .
set the required information to display the page .
creates a new id3v11 .
create a program using the specified jdbc connection .
return a real number with a cauchy distribution .
add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor , even if a pre - processing - command to delete the group is encountered .
print the entire layout .
wake a connection from a select / poll close .
adds a field to run the multi match against with a specific boost .
encodes this key to an output stream .
notify the worker that new entry to delete appeared .
turns an array of strings into a single string array .
copies the src to the target , resizing the target , if necessary
computes the location on a great circle path ( line of constant azimuth ) between this location and a specified location . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the segment between the two locations . to compute a distance in meters from this value , multiply
parse json files from a reader .
read bytes until the count is satisfied .
fire when the operator has been moved .
removes a single individual .
modifies the variable label
repeats the specified substring a number of times .
wait for a maximum amount of time for a state change event to occur
pick the leaf that minimize cost
add a user to the list of attributes .
take a string , representing the hex values for a color , and convert it to a java color .
get bounds of wf node icon
stop all of the given workers .
returns a copy of this frame .
compute the hash code for this object .
calculate the transition state for the given percentage .
returns the long version of the jni function name .
saves the state to the underlying stream .
pulls a string off the queue , up to but exclusive of the match sequence , or to the queue running out .
prints the ip addresses and their subnet mask .
disposes all resources processing
calculates the number of transposition between two strings .
dummy implementation of inherited abstract method .
stream items with a blocking iterator .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
register a plugin manifest file .
arranges the container with no constraint on the width or height .
returns true if content type is a content type
generates a certificate keypair using the provided key .
handles next button request .
checks if all dependencies have been set .
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext of this object . for the layer , this method doesn ' t do anything . if your layer does something with the childrenadded method , or findandinit , you should take steps in this method to
checks that the directory specified by the path exists
returns a string representation of this network .
writes default serializable fields to stream .
report the beginning of an entity . the start and end of the document entity are not reported . the start and end of the external dtd subset are reported using the pseudo - name " [ dtd ] " . all other events must be properly nested within start
is the given word a java keyword ?
extract the import href from the stylesheet stack .
tests whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
runs the test case .
renames an object type , e . g . " lcom . package . myclass ; " or an array type that has an object element , e . g . " [ lcom . package . myclass ; " if the type doesn ' t need to be renamed
write a list of strings to document as elements with given tag name .
creates a new dpolicyconstraints dialog .
invalidates all entity caches that have cache names .
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbytearrayxml ( ) .
write the strings to the file , one per line .
allows you to cancel all requests currently in queue or running , by set tag , if passed tag is null , will not attempt to cancel any requests , if tag is null on requesthandle , it cannot be canceled by this call
utility function to draw an horizontal margin indicator
returns a tungstenproperties of the subset record of the given schema .
queue an operation to be executed .
interprets the cell as a string .
given an arbitrary shape , get the point with the given transform .
prints out a list , starting at the specified indentation , to the specified print stream .
initializes all components used in dialog .
obtains the revocation status of a certificate using ocsp .
return the number of alpha levels supported by the implementation .
removes the specified tracking icon .
return the set of all states in the tree starting at start .
removes parent dir by file path
returns true if a is nearly equal to b .
ends the current element context and gets back to the parent context . this method should be called at the end of the endelement method of derived classes .
java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , int , int , byte )
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
calculates the value from a given log .
uploads a file to saucelabs
creates a zip file .
remove a custom data handler for a given column name . subsequent to this method , the column will use the default handler .
checks whether the tag is empty .
restores the capacity of this cacheheader to the screen .
sets lastcorpusloadtime to system . currenttimemillis ( ) .
construct a catalog entry of the specified type .
add a message to the list of messages .
pushes a new type onto the stack .
logs diagnostic messages about the given classloader and it ' s hierarchy . the prefix is prepended to the message and is intended to make it easier to understand the logs .
add a single member to the set of members .
gets files for all registered file appenders .
is the auto - reduction case sensitive ?
test whether the given node is a namespace decl node . in dom level 2 this can be done in a namespace - aware manner , but in level 1 doms it has to be done by testing the node name .
returns the hash code value for this object .
creates a simple model using default resource bundle .
tests another object for equality with this object .
for custom purposes . not used by colorpickerpreferrence
perform the default action .
construct a new initial drag builder .
receive notification of the end of an element .
cancel all currently running tasks
returns the value at index from the array .
initialize the layout with starting values .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
find the value that corresponds to this key . it finds only the first occurrence of the key .
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
construct a match pattern from a pattern and template .
requests that the underlying log file is deleted .
returns true iff the argument has an annotation type .
try to use this observer .
creates new log instance .
receive one byte from the port and convert it into string
checks if the given resource was registered for the given resource .
checks whether the id is a valid id .
show a video video file
takes a list of coordinates and converts it to gml . < br > 2d and 3d aware .
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot
determines whether the user has permission ' convertermanager .
creates a job based on the specified activiti xml .
finds all the files in the specified root directory .
validates a xml string .
writes this instance to the given file .
read values from the input stream .
returns true if the given access region is compatible with the specified date2 .
create a sequence containing a vector of objects .
creates a single thread to process notification events .
verifies that member fields are non - null .
compute the segment ab .
returns the element at the specified location in this vector .
creates a new rule .
crafts the on - the - wire octet array conforming to the format of section 3 of rfc 2865 with the value being a string possibly truncated to fit into the maximum of 253 characters allowed for values .
formats a double value .
flush any buffered messages .
copy source files from one file to another
validate the c - octet string
creates the bounds for a view ' s title
add button for clearing graph data .
calculate the distance between two points
create a tmp file
determine if the expression is in plural form .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the given line separator .
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
adds a notification object to this object .
create an nfs datastore . the datastore will be removed from all hosts .
check the size of the array and increase if needed
create a new media context .
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
initializes the tasks on the specified queue . may be more complicated in the future .
creates calibration charts for the simulation and benchmark / survey dataset param color scheme ( red_scheme , autumn , muted rainbow , lollapalooza , french girl , m8_colors ) param map of number of trips per distances class , split by mode param map of number of trips per travel
removes dollar ( $ ) prefix from the given name if it exists
indicates whether this schema definition has the specified name .
re - do the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
reports result using future . get conventions .
writes out protein view to an zipped and compressed html file .
test meta data functions that return integer
save selection & return selecion query or " "
writes the data in os to the file .
start monitoring the current thread .
finds the first occurrence of a child element of a given name .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
creates a regular expression , permitting simple or complex syntax
remove the specified element from the selection .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
prints a formatted string to standard output , using the locale and the specified format string and arguments ; then flushes standard output .
process the source tree to the output result .
tests comparison of different attributes .
adds an instruction to the output .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the filtered connection .
returns the value of adding the two numbers
adds the provided optional attributes .
shows an error dialog .
returns the number of elements in this queue .
reads all bytes from stream and close it silently
construct a simplereactstream from an publisher
creates a new connection handler .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
finds the notification id from the given id .
setup the green gradient
writes a plain text file with two columns where the first column contains the map keys and second the map values .
this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value .
add a number and a character . the ordinal value of the character is used in the addition ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
clips the passed in string to the space provided . note : this assumes the string does not fit in the available space .
removes an element from the list .
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
resets the references for streaming .
add a slide to the intro
splits the given string into lines using on any embedded newlines , and wrapping the text as needed to conform to the given maximum line width . this uses and assumes unix - style newlines
removes wheel changing listener
allocates a direct float buffer , and populates it with the float array data .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server
cleans a directory without deleting it .
inverse watermarking transformation , extract embedded bit values
moves a file or directory to the destination directory . < p / > when the destination is on another file system , do a " copy and delete " .
loads security configuration from the specified properties file .
closes an input stream .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
return true if the edge ab intersects the given edge of constant latitude .
starts the process described by ' builder ' , and asserts that it sees ' expectedout ' on stdout and ' expectederr ' on stderr . times out after 10s .
below method will be used to start file based merge
callback for when text is inserted into the document .
constructs a new datetime object .
determines whether this spring should not be called from a source when this target , so it won ' t be this .
reads the field with a map .
subtract zero from a number . the number is positive .
< rm > , asr # < shift_imm > operation : if shift_imm = = 0 then if rm [ 31 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = 0 shifter_carry_out = rm [ 31 ] else / / rm [ 31 ] = = 1 / shifter_operand = 0xffffffff shifter_carry_out
creates a new plaintext component with the given char
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
determines whether the given date is a calendar instance .
creates an initial port and starts to listen .
pretty printing accumulator function for doubles
convert bitmap to jpeg
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . this is used when an object is being deserialized from the xml document and the value for the string representation is required .
test if the dom implementation implements a specific feature .
assigns one of the ports with port .
returns the next xmlevent
append a double array to a buffer .
update a jcombobox with the latest automations .
description of the method
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
compares two connection objects .
should never be called .
add a resource into view
checks if a string is a number
open a new key store , protected by a given password .
encode string as a byte array in base64 annotation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
returns the " current time " notion of this scheduler .
appends a value to the commafied list .
creates a properties object containing the properties from the given url .
calculates the plan for a specific rule .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
finds the value at the given index .
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
splits the given key into sub - directories .
calculates the value from a given log .
returns a vector3 containing the given x , y , and z values .
receive ssdp multicast packet
tear down after testing .
flushes this writer . this implementation ensures that all buffered bytes are written to the target stream . after writing the bytes , the target stream is flushed as well .
returns the color code for the given hue , saturation , and brightness values , translating from hsb color space to rgb color space .
specify the name of a function mapper .
create a loconet packet to set the duplex group address .
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
java . util . arrays # fill ( boolean [ ] , int , int , boolean )
calculates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector .
handle a reply from a reader .
format nothing . just use the control string .
a resource name to create a graph
updates the combo box .
returns the tip text for this property
joins a string array , with the given separator .
returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
returns a string representation of the given type .
description of the method
requests the group data into a group
compute the url for a link url
serializes cookie object into string
skips the given number of bytes .
resumes the ken burns effect animation .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative
adds the contents of this prototype .
creates a new network panel .
add a property change listener
is the extension function available ?
allocate a section to the list of sections .
true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
generate an array of random bytes
calculates the error for the current table .
removes the last extension from a file ' s filename
delete the attribute value .
scale based on min , max
internal utility method to determine if the given scheme should use semicolons ( ; ) for query separator instead of ampersand ( & )
add a leaf node to the cluster
move all blocks in the range of a tracker .
converts a database name to a java variable name . the naming conventions used to allow for this are as follows : a database name ( table or column ) is in all capital letters , and the words are separated by an underscore ( for example : neat_entity_name or
hex - encode a byte array
clamp the size of the given size .
create a new channel that connects to the supplied endpoint .
returns a string representation of this vector .
encode the input data producing a url safe base 64 encoded byte array .
draws the path at the given coordinates .
add a file system observer to this monitor .
create empty message by message id ( for filling and sending )
compute the hyperbolic sine of a number .
adds the given number as a op_n opcode to the end of the program .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio .
create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
paints the background image .
adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase .
to create a polygon we need atleast 3 separate points
reads the json value from the json array for specified index
waits until the element is present .
assert that the testsubscriber has been received any onerror event .
returns true if the given url is valid
check whether this work is canceled .
push a treewalker on the stack .
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
updates the path table .
dump the options into a readable string .
get the language at the given resource
computes the state of all states , adding counts
detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
creates a new density function with the given points
returns a clone of the object .
determine if there are more than 2 points currently in the partial hull .
creates a new zip entry with the specified name .
fixes bug # 20687 - can ' t be started .
read the given dictionary file from the input stream .
match to the ' target ' string .
add a vertex to the graph .
resets the viewtomodel array to be of size rowcount .
get the set of files .
do we run on windows
determine whether the given exception is assignable from the given throwable .
combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string . combines as many messages as possible , while staying under max_payload_size . returns null if the queue is empty .
prints a int to the stream .
returns a map of discovered itemsets and their support , where the support is the number of times the combination appears in the input data . the map returned contains only those items whose support is greater than the given supportthreshold
checks if is all capitalized .
extract a generic item
updates a particle position
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
loads the native library using the specified classloader .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is multiple of 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
save the keystore to a file
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
adds a filter to the list of filters to " and " .
send a debug log message
generate an array of random bytes
update the statistics entry .
test where each operation locks only a single file in subdirectory .
returns a string representation of the object .
splits this trace into two at p_point . can return false i for example p_point is not located on the selection .
flipbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a byte array .
parses snapshot definition . json , yaml and properties formats are supported
adds users to the server
returns the thread pool .
removes a single individual .
copies a file to a directory
decode properties into string ( url encoded )
writes this cell as xml , omitting any unspecified fields .
tests comparison of different nth elements .
deletes a directory recursively .
add a component to a given destination directory .
localized string to timestamp conversion . to be used in tandem with timestamptostring ( ) .
returns true if the string starts with the given prefix
removes all values from this map .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
read a byte array from the input stream .
converts string to byte array .
plays a file from the channel
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
returns the interval for the given confidence value .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
checks if given hash is the same for given file - helps to detect file changes
add a new value to the list .
update an assignment with the given parameters .
creates a character from a string .
split the string in lines ; separate by cr , lf or crlf .
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
adds a hole to the polygon formed by this ring .
register all the component ' s data .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
initialize the genericactivity fields .
skip characters . this method will block until some characters are available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached .
generate 160 bit hash key identifier .
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for a sets relation .
creates a new dsubjectinformationaccess dialog .
verify signer ( string ) creates instance
reads an svg " rect " element .
create a listmodel with the provided items .
returns true if field messagetype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
internal method to map a char buffer
constructs a new image file chooser
compute the access profile for storage system .
see the general contract of the readint method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
create a replication job to copy a partition .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
creates main ( ) to run this example
finds product variants based on a product id and a distinct feature .
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system .
finds the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
runs the given components on the disk .
check the header of an index header
returns the stack map table written out .
save the currently selected result buffer to a file .
schedules a list of storage volumes .
provide a list of absolute paths on the current base path .
returns true if the specified module name is a directory .
insert a list of expected types in the map
copies the data from the source stream to the specified output stream .
returns the position of the given level in the tree .
attempts to read more data .
adds a numeric class to the series .
parses the groups in this group .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
creates a random number from the distribution .
starts drag and overrides action .
tells whether the given character is a valid java identifier .
add a bed header line .
load a column from a result set .
get the string encoded version of this object
returns get url with appended parameters .
this method is used when a prefix / uri namespace mapping is indicated after the element was started with a startelement ( ) and before and endelement ( ) . startprefixmapping ( prefix , uri ) would be used before the startelement ( ) call .
guesses the type of a file , based on file name suffix returns " application / octet - stream " if no corresponding mimemap type .
test next with giant bq of all terms with varying minshouldmatch
returns true for a public class .
release all tuner details
creates a new transferable .
writes an array of bytes to the output stream .
put the system console font with the specified name .
writes a reference to the map .
parses a data object from the current parsing position . this can either be a nsdata object or a gnustep nsnumber or nsdate . the prerequisite for calling this method is , that a data begin token has been read .
returns true is the population contains no individuals .
formats this year - month using the specified formatter . < p > this year - month will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
convert class name to dotted format . if the class name is already in dotted format , it is returned unmodified .
creates a new dviewextensions dialog .
plays previous video in playlist
invokes accessible method of an object without specifying parameter types .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . null references are not added .
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path
remove history from history .
this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes . those are used to configure the view .
constructs a log message .
translate an action into a string .
returns a boolean indicating whether this file can be found on the underlying file system .
cast result object to a boolean .
generates the xml for the current request . follows the format laid out at http : / / code . google . com / p / omaha / wiki / serverprotocol with some additional dummy values supplied .
remove the given string .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
formats this year using the specified formatter . < p > this year will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
initialisation of a local map that handles each source code line , keyed by the line number
version 1 : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | key | value | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - version 2 : - - - - - - - -
returns the matrix used to represent this matrix .
override this if the should_not_contain_same_error_codes_for_different_instances_that_are_not_wrappers test is failing and you * really * want to allow one or more of your error codes to have duplicate apierrors that are not wrappers . this should be used with care .
check if the field is visited
removes a download from the completed list .
modifies the main query by adding a new optional query consisting of shingled phrase queries across the specified clauses using the specified field = & gt ; boost mappings .
returns a string representation of this object .
updates the connection information .
create a new snapshot .
stores given file in current session .
merge the properties of a map via value
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
deletes all phonenumbers of a existing user
needs to be called when a player is prepared
parse the provisioning token
make a list of urls .
skip characters . this method will block until some characters are available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
maps all of the entity
constructs a new curve from the specified group .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
add a message to the header
initialize the uniform sampling .
return a string representation of the object .
recreates workspace table and migrates data to the new table .
executes a query parameter from the given json .
closes the inputed number of open tags .
receive notivication of a entityreference .
create a partitioned table .
links node as last element , or returns false if full .
draws a divider for the given child in the given bounds .
creates a new form specification object .
decode the data from the input stream .
draws the visual representation of a single data item .
writes a little - endian int .
writes an double field value .
calculate the next superactivitytoast in the list .
check if the value is between range [ 0 , 20 ] , if not fail the property update .
deletes a given trait from an existing entity represented by a guid .
adds a table to the list .
writes a template string to a file .
returns all the text at the given url .
clears any cached information .
add an item to the toolbar
adds an attribute to the attribute payload .
computes a result , or throws an exception if unable to do so .
run a query searched .
generate a random user id in the range provided e . g . # function . string . useridfromrange . 25 . 100
starts the shutdown sequence
generates code for and expressions
returns true if the model is a cell in the current model .
write methodid item into current section .
load excludes from resource in current class loader .
close streams without pain
creates a transaction manager that encapsulates a transaction .
skips over the file until a character from delimiters is found . returns the delimiter found . will skip comments and will ignore delimiters within comments .
converts a package name to a path by replacing all ' . ' characters with the file . separatorchar character . is therefore platform independent .
returns whether this map contains the specified key .
returns true if the given fragment is null or fragments are allowed .
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes the hashtable , in order to accommodate and access its entries more efficiently . this method is called when the number of keys in the hashtable exceeds this hashtable ' s capacity and load factor .
saves all the poitypes in the database .
creates the xml element for an integer value .
check if vitamio is done within a given scope .
responds to the negation column in the edit conditional window
add a bed header .
check if the request uri is duplicate .
returns whether the view is hidden or not .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
delete a recursively delete a folder or file
determine if the menu bar .
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
create a priorityqueue from a word - > tf map .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
traverse through each object from the specified stream . the stream is closed after the closure returns .
terminates the currently running java application . this method never returns normally .
returns the distance between two points .
processes the given challenge token . some authentication schemes may involve multiple challenge - response exchanges . such schemes must be able to maintain the state information when dealing with sequential challenges
calculate g ^ x mod p as done in round 1 .
create cost detail from store
add undo action to the undo stack .
establish the main entry point .
add the imagespan to the start of the text .
validates a password using a hash .
returns a list of snapshots from repository sorted by snapshot creation date
add a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
multiply a number by zero .
clean the static method
paints the background of a tab .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
return an automaton that accepts the union of the provided bytesref .
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset .
simulates a zookeeper shutdown
number of threads in this process ( since linux 2 . 6 ) . before kernel 2 . 6 , this field was hard coded to 0 as a placeholder for an earlier removed field .
assigns the role that is assigned to the user .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
description of the method
converts a serializable entry into a string .
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked so that all operations must be serialized .
run the given runnable in the ui thread .
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
loads xml file to gather .
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
remove an string at index
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
implements the same behaviour as the " touch " utility on unix . it creates a new file with size 0 or , if the file exists already , it is opened and closed without modifying it , but updating the file date and time . < p / >
wrapscallback ( ) is an easymock argument predicate . wrapscallback ( c ) matches a callback if calling that callback causes c to be called . in other words , c wraps the given callback .
the editing cell should be selected or not
split one unicode string to ensure , remove all empty items at the same time .
add zero to zero
add class name to the query .
formats the given message with the given format and arguments .
parse the lowercase mapping attribute for a unicode character . if there is a lowercase mapping attribute and the parse succeeds , then the haslowermap field is set to true , the lowermap field of this unicodespec object is updated , and false is returned . if the lowercase mapping
keep removing refs from the pool .
compresses the given number of files , each of the given size , into a . zip archive .
returns true if the given playlist is a valid playlist
import the given xml file
add a row to the batch .
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm
creates a subset of vertices sampled in a specific iteration .
create a new instance .
move all beans from the center point to the intersection .
retrieve the list of foos .
makes a copy of a string .
deletes the given text node , if any .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
loads the environment loader .
creates a new topic object .
animate opening a tab in the foreground .
returns true if the function for the given parameter types .
load org access add tree to list
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object . note that this includes disk access so this should not be executed on the main / ui thread .
using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for ceph hlu is not applicable
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams .
returns the maximum of two values
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking due to a full output buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied appendable . for this , two threads are started , but join ( ) ed ,
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
adds list of arguments in command line .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
read all the contents of a file .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
returns a random color with the specified color .
parse a category of a category .
builds the process method .
creates a new instance .
aborts of object , releasing resources .
add a csp listener to the solution strategy .
print text to the output stream .
remove a range of mappings as a batch .
check the nullability of the column definitions for the resultset matches the expected values .
computes the smallest rectangle .
add a timeline to the timeline .
load data from file storage
paints the text area .
returns a copy of this deque .
sends the given event to all registered listeners .
updates the status of the node with the given parameters .
load extension classes , if defined .
deletes all photos of a existing user
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
set the limit and offset of this statement . use a negative value for limit to remove the limit . use a value less than one for offset to remove the offset .
checks whether a file exists .
write the bytes to byte array .
skips characters . this will not ' skip ' past the end of the document .
loads the the paymentmethods based on the paymentmethodids
convert the file name to a file .
copies a byte array to a file .
here we bound the deltas such that the frame cannot be stretched beyond the extents of the celllayout , and such that the frame ' s borders can ' t cross .
creates an authentication configuration object .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
returns the tip text for this property
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
send the message to the buffer .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
calls the methods responsible for the named event .
tries to find the configuration from the current directory or a parent folder .
returns true if the two string are equal , false otherwise .
execute shell commands , default return result msg
populate the content of a blob using the check_binary_blob stored procedure .
unregisters a local file from being observed for changes .
makes the object immutable
appending the is not null operator clause .
removes all associations from this map .
updates the channel panel
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
saves the analysis of all data recorded in this analyzer to the specified file .
returns an iterator over the stored capabilities
notify the user that we are awaiting input
parse an int from a string .
creates a new header from a buffer . the name of the header will be parsed immediately , the value only if it is accessed .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
makes a date string in the given from a date
execute a chat command .
checks the response code .
adds a new resource source before the others . might be used by plugins etc .
commits changes in the two sub - panels .
connect to the adhoc item .
called when the mouse is ready to be triggered
add " allvaluesfrom c " information , and tell c to point back here .
edit a property and call it to edit
create a point which encodes with point compression .
serializes a xml document into a string - encoded in utf8 format , with platform line separators .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns true if the buffer is empty , or false if not empty .
return the area of triangle abc . the method used is about twice as expensive as girard ' s formula , but it is numerically stable for both large and very small triangles . the points do not need to be normalized . the area is always positive . the
nonsymmetric reduction from hessenberg to real schur form . < p / > this is derived from the algol procedure hqr2 , by martin and wilkinson , handbook for auto . comp . , vol . ii - linear algebra , and the corresponding fortran subroutine in eispack .
two transactions read a value and replace it
casts a list to array object remove empty elements
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element .
xxx : issue is server starting by itself when it ' s not a seed server .
tostring contains tostrings of elements
finds the conversion method .
tests whether tasks are able to access and modify data safely by emulating transactions by calling activatetx and deactivatetx directly .
create a new pdfarray .
constructs a list of ip addresses from a string .
display the authenticated pilot ' s profile
a callback to initialize events .
update list of product - product
checks if there are any dependencies at all
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
deserialize a step from a list of steps .
appends the parameter type at the beginning of the parameter list represented by the given descriptor .
adds a clause and catch clauses .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
unlocks the given key and puts the given value in a single operation .
returns a max of 45 ( lazylist default page size ) orders starting at the given index .
this method will check if a given schema has been created .
remove all elements from the list .
create a new store .
returns a comparable value for a qualifier . < p / > this method takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers then unknown qualifiers with lexical ordering . < p / > just returning an integer with the index here is faster , but requires a lot of if
returns true if this objects chainwork is higher than the others .
evaluate js script ( function or statement )
throws an exception if the given character is not null .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs " .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp , if needed and if possible ( if the database support such a feature )
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
instantiates a new jdk14 manager accessor .
parses the given list of loggedmqttmessages into receivedmqttmessages .
stop the timer . you can start it again later , if necessary .
this method will be used to add new row
decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored .
the format of a ( frame ) assignment ' s stack .
schemewalk is called by path for a scheme lookup like file : / tmp / foo
return if mime type is image
creates a new message .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
sets the matrix to their absolute size
removes the attribute value from the attribute .
snapshots the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
parses an exception that occurred during the specified debugger .
rotates the given image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
update the given setgetmodel ; does not set a_asset_type_id
sets name and attributes
display a calendar based on a particular locale .
creates a line of a string .
trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
closes any opened files and release any resources used by this b - tree . any pending changes will be synchronized to disk before closing . once the b - tree has been closed , it can no longer be used .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name
subtracts the specified number of droidflakes .
process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
returns true if service type does not require resource name .
the main entry point .
macro : add : parses s , adds v u , fmts
create an authoritykeyidentifier using the passed in certificate ' s public key , issuer and serial number .
return an instance of the jar file .
removes all photo ' s from this user
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
the graphical representation of a path .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts , int offset , int length ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
creates a password reset exception object .
determines if a character is a letter . synonym for ' character . isdigit ( this ) ' .
call the visitors for the function arguments .
creates a street for a link .
determines whether the expression is a string .
destroys the class loader .
creates a file uri for a file .
reads a fixed type for the given object .
processes a request to play a media file .
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator . the list needs to be already sorted according to the comparator passed . searching in an unsorted array has an undefined result . it ' s also undefined which element is found
finish the xml document .
check which elements are valid to appear at this point .
removes the given entry from this map .
creates cache hashing with given algorithm .
marshall an enum value .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
initialize the event handler .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
computes the window naf ( non - adjacent form ) of an integer .
helper method to map a collection of rules .
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
fills vector with random double values in the range [ min , max )
this method will be used to get the hascode , this will be used to the index for inserting arraywrapper object as a key in map
returns the underlying animator for a particular thread .
check if given name is equal to name .
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer . this method is typically called from within the draw ( ) method .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
construct a vpf layer .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
check if the connection is closed .
convert rgb color to cmyk color .
shuts down the executor service .
indicates whether this pool is unused . a pool is unused if there is neither an entry nor a waiting thread . all entries count , not only the free but also the allocated ones .
this method performs a logout operation for the current user , leaving the connection open , thus it can be used to start a new user session . be careful with this : some ftp servers don ' t implement this feature , even though it is a standard ftp
remove all the column in the database .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth timer
refills the input buffer .
performs a search query .
writes the tail of the list to the stream .
return a list of element objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
returns a required number of random bytes . < br > the method overrides " enginegenerateseed ( int ) " in class securerandomspi . < br >
returns the tip text for this property
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
this method calls proc listinstanceexec and fetches a list of instances of jobs .
cast a byte array to a binary value
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
it opens a file output stream
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the caret .
static function returning the serialsensormanager instance to use .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests non numeric fields fail , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . may be an optional feature . not supported .
a ' streamless ' version of encode that simply takes a buffer of bytes and returns a string containing the encoded buffer .
checks a stack frame value .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
push a device to the device .
parse the same id from a string .
mark the space as in use .
construct the singular value decomposition
read a string in utf16 , until ' \ 0 \ 0 '
shifts right an array of integers . total shift distance in bits is intcount * 32 + count .
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
this method removes a new announcement
prints a buffer to the stream .
parse a string value to a calendar
returns true if method is in the body .
retains only the characters in a given string .
deletes an http connection
find the index of the element that is larger than x .
write the schedule and network to output files ( if any )
test whether two relation agree .
verb suffixes . search for the longest among the following suffixes in rv , and if found , delete .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
take a list of patches and return a textual representation .
closes a new precedence level . emit a ` ( ' if new precedence level is less than precedence level so far .
this method validates the sort size
must be called before calling chain .
deletes the panel at the given position .
perform an asynchronous average operation
returns the next token in the distribution .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
obtains a description of this route .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
permite componer los diversos ficheros serializados correspondientes a file .
method to delete an es index
add a part to the body .
terminate the fsync service and wait for all the tasks to complete . if it is already terminated
finds a location at the specified location .
computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won ' t exceed max acceptable opengl texture size . < br / > we can ' t create bitmap in memory with size exceed max texture size ( usually this is 2048x2048 ) so this method calculate minimal
creates the main split pane .
clean - not yet implemented .
check to see if the transaction is non - null .
return true if a square is attacked by the opposite side .
create a new instance of a directory recursively .
add bean to xml document .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a string .
splits a remote branch branch name into a branch branch
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
encrypts the given output stream .
pads the string with the given character until it has the given length . if original is longer than the given length , returns original .
checks whether we should select a view for swiping .
reloads the view into the pool
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
resets the iv to its original value . this is used when dofinal is called in the cipher class , so that the cipher can be reused ( with its original iv ) .
multiply two matrix using the absolute value .
shuts down the session .
stringifies an ipv4 or v6 address with subnet mask .
creates a new action object .
convert hex string to byte [ ]
writes a string to the output stream .
creates a list of permissions given by permissions .
merge the endpoint to the server .
print a message to the output stream .
blocks until a chunk of the given size can be made from the stream , or eof is reached . calls read ( ) repeatedly in case the given stream implementation doesn ' t completely fill the given buffer in one read ( ) call .
user runs a query and counts facets .
reverses the order of the way
if at runtime , when the qname of the attribute is known , another prefix is specified for the attribute , then we can patch or hack the name with this method . for a qname of the form " ns ? : otherprefix : name " , this function
creates a mojangson string from the given tag
creates an empty element .
hard reset the info generator .
rotate vector counter - clockwise in x - y by an angle .
create connection to the mqtt disconnect method . as well as disconnecting the protocol this method enables / disables buttons as appropriate when in disconnected state . it also sets the correct colour of the indicator led .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
returns true if the response already contains the named header .
parses the query string .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
below method will be used to add url to the proxy list
add a new range to the end of the buffer .
resets the alpha property to its initial state .
reload the xml stream document .
draws a polygon for the given parameters .
checks if is static .
get the current request .
converts a byte array to a string .
initializes the logging for the component .
fills the list from pos down to the end of the list view .
removes a default value from the existing set of default values .
returns the modifier for the specified key binding description .
unit test for saving a cache .
this method merge signature .
returns a hashcode for this instance .
creates new grid exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
wait for the " void " variable .
add an option to the choice options .
pause getting sensors data
propertychangelistener method , to listen for the source map ' s background changes . act on if necessary .
add a frame to the section animation .
scans package for jax - rs annotations
get the text in the cdata block .
checks if a player can be accessed by the player
expand a rectangle by the given amount .
converts a given string into a datagram packet .
returns a string representation of this vector .
reassign objects , but only if their bounds indicate it is necessary to do so .
do a subtree leap move .
returns true if the implementation is initialized .
unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
returns a string representation of this object .
check if camera preview size is not in camera camera
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
append a string , separate by space if not empty .
encode the input data producing a url safe base 64 encoded byte array .
lookup table for all tables in this schema .
returns the sum of the number .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
returns true if the given word is a boundary word .
execute the supplied operation using the primary , blocking until a primary is available . whenever the operation stops ( e . g . , if the primary is no longer primary ) , then restart the operation using the current primary .
writes a portion of an array of characters .
creates a table from the given parent component .
returns the type string for the given string type .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
this method determines which menu items get to be ' action items ' that will appear in an action bar and which items should be ' overflow items ' in a secondary menu . the rules are as follows : < p > items are considered for inclusion in the
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme . if the missing values cause an exception to be thrown by the scheme , this will be recorded .
disables all buttons in the interface
load artifact at path with a custom artifactid
fair version of tryacquire . don ' t grant access unless recursive call or no waiters or is first .
check if the header is end of the header .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
add a runnable to the wait queue .
creates a new dviewextensions dialog .
add a point to the end of the polygon
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
verifies the passed in a authentication response message .
this method generates a challan for the report .
updates the text component type .
gets collection of futures .
stops the listener thread and unbinds the address .
decode the data with the public key .
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
add a single byte to this label .
creates an attack selection strategy .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - minimum pool size is 0 - maximum pool size is 16 - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
add a property change listener
writes the data service that an index partition is now located on that data service .
get the event id for an event .
called once at initialization .
this method will read all the properties from file and load it into memory
syncs notes in parameters to the destination index .
prints this property list out to the specified output stream . this method is useful for debugging .
convert date in string format to date format
calculates md5 checksum for the given file
initialise the parameters generator .
returns true if there is another record to go to .
save some space my compacting underlying maps and lists .
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
create an ascii representation of a position .
clears the cached networks .
returns a set of all nodes in this node set .
run the specified task .
create the vm list .
adds a port number to the list of ports .
pop the current executing attribute set .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
associates the cache with the specified key into the cache .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
remove model change listener
fire a change event to listeners .
creates a new connection for the connection .
execute a query .
discovers an already created compute system
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
draws the lines from the database .
adds a new astarnode to the queue unless it is already among the closed nodes , in which case it only updates the closed node with the new distance .
transforms a source file to a java file object ( used by javac ) .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
execute a command in the runtime environment
updates the progress value .
create a new resource handler .
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
converts the given list of code to api class
creates a new temporary directory in the specified directory .
returns a string representation of the partition .
scipio : returns true only if the category contains the product , non - recursive . < p > note : is caching
input an instance for filtering . ordinarily the instance is processed and made available for output immediately . some filters require all instances be read before producing output .
returns a list of all tables in the database .
add a preexisting resource .
signal an event to all listeners .
tests if this object is equal to another .
checks to see if any node in the cluster has entered a certain state
main scheduling implementation class .
requests that the stop .
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( string host , int port ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
joins 2 arrays together , if any array is null or empty then other array will be retuned without coping anything .
splits a string of paths
init method that creates the report
initializes the graph document .
adds a job to the job queue .
reset the parser with a new latex expression
adds a constant .
add full chart data .
returns ( c4 . 5 - type ) information gain for the generated split .
writes the rule to the stream .
removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . if the property was a part of this bundle , it returns true to indicate that it was , in fact , canceled . this is an indication to the caller that a cancellation actually occurred
de - serialize an object using the java serialization mechanisms .
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit
shows a neuron property .
do the appropriate chaining step for cbc mode encryption .
returns true if the two classes have no public methods with the same name and parameter types but different return types .
invoked when a window is deactivated
replaces & lt ; & lt ; destroy & gt ; entities with & lt ; & gt ; characters .
create a network script action .
creates an image from the url .
this method is the updated version of the updated list .
check the email address is valid or not .
adds a new member to this directededgestar .
parses an application descriptor stored in a regular file .
create a new connection to a socket that is connected to a peer .
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
return the extension as a string .
adds the given topic to the subscription store - used for topic to subscription matching .
zips the given directory " dir " into a zip file in " dest "
generates a hashmap for storing expanded state when activity is rotated or onresume ( ) is called .
add audio audio listener
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
creates the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same .
construct a new java environment .
format method for the o conversion character and long argument . for o format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . the ' # ' flag
adds a callback from a javascript object .
removes all blocks from the text area .
writes string to file .
tests whether an operand is a specialized function of a given tree .
called by the picker for updating the header display .
utility method to compute a list of radius r
add an action to the list .
load data from the input stream .
obtains the url of the specified class file .
create a unique identifier .
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in a populated srdf group .
returns the timestamp window size in milliseconds .
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
for printing indices in a given point list .
receive notification of a recoverable xslt processing error .
get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target .
create a unionpathiterator object , including creation of location path iterators from the opcode list , and call back into the compiler to create predicate expressions .
runs the link analysis job .
reads a record in the database . any field / value pairs in the specified values hashmap will be written into the record with the specified record key , overwriting any existing values with the same field name .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
constant - time spookyhash 4 - word - state hashing reusing precomputed state partially .
check if there are more tags to read .
adds an issuer to the criterion for the issuer distinguished names . < p > the crl issuer must match at least one of the specified distinguished names .
build the string required for an sql select statement : where key in ( ? , ? , . . . , ? ) without ' where ' and with selectioncount ' ? '
filter the nodes that do not have a full name .
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
runs the test case .
assumes that array [ lower + 1 ] through to array [ upper ] is already in heap form and then puts array [ lower ] to array [ upper ] in heap form .
removes the audio processor in the processor queue .
creates a new chain based on the given trie .
takes a locator string and returns a string .
notify listeners that a task was started .
non - dom : check for valid xml characters as per the xml version
throw the exception with the specified method .
uploads properties from the repository .
escapes bytes in the format used in protocol buffer text format , which is the same as the format used for c string literals . all bytes that are not printable 7 - bit ascii characters are escaped , as well as backslash , single - quote , and double
load the given magic number .
get an array of types for an array of objects
counts the number of documents in the document
adds an xml tree to this service
skips spaces in the given string .
update the springs in the system
return the probe ' s next sample .
reads x509certificate object from given stream .
creates a new guacamoletunnel hashmap .
associate the given value with the specified key .
renames an existing table .
handle the result of reading last add confirmed .
add a new boolean to the list .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
apply the layout to the layout .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
the nice value ( see setpriority ( 2 ) ) , a value in the range 19 ( low priority ) to - 20 ( high priority ) .
returns the size of clearance matrix
finds public non - static method that is accessible from public class .
helper http function to get list of my service cards based on keyword
attach a new phone to this user
convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs in the matching string .
compares two byte arrays . returns true if a method is null .
returns the index of the first or last markersegment in the marker sequence .
open a string from a reader
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current publishermerge instance .
publish / send a message to an mqtt server .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
verifies that two strings are equal .
create the extension from its der encoded value .
generates monthly periods for the whole year in which the given period ' s startdate exists .
creates a normal key generator using the key generator of the algorithm provided .
check for car type and road name replacements . also check for engine type replacement .
parse a server response into a json object . this is a basic implementation using org . json . jsonobject representation . more sophisticated applications may wish to do their own parsing . the parsed json is checked for a variety of error fields and a facebookexception is thrown if
loads version information from the url .
find a page of author using query by example .
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
add a string to the start of the queue .
check if vitamio is initialized at this device
asynchronously perform a stream reduction
set the parent node . for an extension function , we also need to set the parent node for all argument expressions .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
returns true if this charset is known to be registered in the iana charset registry .
adds a constant .
prints the full usage information .
asserts that two vectors are equal .
instantiates a new spider svn parser .
flush any buffered messages .
adds the given entities to the series .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
returns true if queue is empty .
java . security . arrays # initialize ( ) test of a primitive type .
read entries from the store
returns a map of host initiators .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
internal : process the jpa defined convert ( s )
receive notification of the start of an element .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
prints this exception ' s stack trace to a print writer . if this exception has a root exception ; the stack trace of the root exception is printed to the print writer instead .
converts the specified data flavor is supported by this transferable .
test for correct error handling for a choice that has no icon element .
translates the attribute value to an open element .
returns the next sequence id .
set the current values of all fields .
checks security servers for security manager .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
translate the each bytearray in an iterable into a hexidecimal string
adds an index type definition .
sets the ssl key store password .
instantiates a new zookeeper zookeeper .
create a loconet version based on a string .
indicate to the virtual machine that it would be a good time to collect available memory . note that , this is a hint only .
removes the specified minimum and its associated value from the given subtree .
resets table to its initial ( empty ) state .
write a configuration file .
creates a map from the given type .
update the last point on the screen .
compares this object with the specified object for order .
bind a property change listener to a particular value .
remove a column from this table
writes a log entry .
closes a connection to the data source quietly
constructs a new bayes im editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
remove an actionlistener for events .
send a fatal error log message
checks whether the supplied value is a literal character .
generate a granularity instance based on a path element .
creates a new instance of the default locale .
close leaf if it is leaf .
pushes a single file
performs some processing on the given item .
resize the array to the exact provided size .
split uint8 to 2 bytes of high byte and low byte . e . g . 20 = 0x14 should be split to [ 0x01 , 0x04 ] 0x01 is high byte and 0x04 is low byte
pretty printing accumulator function for shorts
init the contents of a directory ( and optionally its subdirectories ) .
removes the specified bandwidth type .
exit with a process success code .
get current time may override to implement a different timer ( cpu time , etc ) .
remove / collapse multiple newline characters
creates a new chain based on the given trie .
generates the javadoc in the class .
extracts properties from a properties file
removes the last element of this set .
ensures that the specified component is visible .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
ends the current parsing state .
creates a new instance for the specified number formatter .
split a charsequence into two charsequence .
creates a timer with a callback
read a tuple from the input stream .
adds a double and a string . if the double represents an integer tries to add it without trailing ' . 0 ' . if both are missing , then the result is missing ; if one is missing , it is ignored . if the double is infinite ,
removes the property change listener .
load the values for this step from an xml node
returns a hash signature .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
generates the instructions to cast a numerical value from one type to another .
adds the given group to the list of trigger names
reads a utf - 8 encoded string . since ascii is a subset of utf - 8 , this method may be used to read strings that are known to be ascii - only .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
reads compressed data from file and returns it .
completed submit ( runnable , result ) returns result
shrinks an area by the amount of space represented by this object .
asserts that a query throws a solrexception with the listed response code
builds the absolute stats .
used to execute this plugin tool .
serializes a string to a file .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check if the specified field is a partition tag field
arranges the blocks in the container with a fixed width and no height constraint .
executes a method invocation on the proxy object .
clamp the value of a substring within the given string .
if deltay > 0 , move the content down
send string to queue
handle a key typed event . this inserts the key into the text area .
fills in map of class names with the given mapping
verifies that fields have legal values .
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program , using pre - encoded signatures . optionally , appends the script program bytes if spending a p2sh output .
deletes the instances at the given positions
adds the listener as a listener of the specified type .
calculates a bounding box of uniform segments .
tests if the given base date is strictly between the given start date and end date .
adds a listener to the set of listeners for communication timeout .
converts the provided string list to a string array .
returns the tip text for html output .
writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
creates a new client request
receive notification of character data .
appends an attribute value .
the default values for the given certificate .
adds the value on the top of the stack .
run a sql statement .
writes a buffer to the underlying stream .
adds or updates an index entry
creates a number of times where the initial capacity is valid .
deletes the string at the specified index .
creates a new eventtype object for the given class .
reverse only the state of the cash
check if security is enabled .
read an entity declaration . the value of internal entities are inline : < ! entity foo " bar " > the values of external entities must be retrieved by url or path : < ! entity foo system " http : / / host / file " > <
add a field with the specified value .
delete the storage if it is open .
computes the advanced request in queue to be requested .
visits the error message .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns true if a new example might be added .
load a binary file
delete luns from the lun group
remove all local lookup associated with the given locators .
returns true if the selected item is selected .
adds a new ongoing operation .
sets the provider for the specified provider .
attempts to cas - decrement the workercount field of ctl .
serializes one or more requests but does not execute them .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
create a new map with the same mappings as the given map .
create a new endpoint from specified port .
tests fix for bug # 11259 , autoreconnect ping causes exception on connection startup .
amount of time that this process has been scheduled in kernel mode , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) . this includes guest time , guest_time ( time spent running a virtual cpu , see below ) , so that applications that are not
construct a program rewriter for a given rewrite which is passed from outside .
creates the settings menu .
writes a string to an output stream
check to see if a string is a valid name according to [ 5 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
creates a list of file names .
parses the sensor detector
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a full buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied outputstream . a new thread is started , so this method will return immediately .
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
computes log likelihood of an entire clustering . version as used by zhao et al .
returns a list of all classes in the given list .
announce a set of candidates for discovery . jini . discovery . plaintext format .
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
when we are done loading up all the gazetteers , we will trim all the collections down to size to save memory .
determines if the prompt contains ' consent ' .
sorts the specified range of the array using the given algorithm .
flips the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
whether audit is enable ? defaults to true .
returns true if the user is a valid request content .
reads segments to the segments .
project a timestamp from seconds .
below method will be used to update the min or max value by removing the length from it
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
checks if the given type are the same as the key - value types from the original map , if they have been seen .
desirialize a struct object
create and parse allowable options
this method concatenates two byte arrays
initializes an input stream from a file .
creates an instance of extendeddismaxconfiguration . it will contain all the necessary parameters to parse the query
writes a full value to the database .
compute the maximum y ordinate .
adds a focus listener
add a listener for mode changes
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a mosaic levy .
returns the index of the largest value in an array of doubles .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
given a predicate in the predicate tree .
add margintop to simulate set fitssystemwindow false
converts a hex string to bytes .
sends data to the device on this connection .
fetch the schema from the registry .
appends the string representation of the double argument to this builder .
returns the content of the given array .
read the partitions file and return the list of partitions .
returns whether or not the given interval is less than the current position .
add a slide to the intro
draw a line onto the array , using the classic bresenham algorithm .
performs some processing on the given item .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
pushes the given value on the stack .
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits )
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document . d : \ j2sdk1 . 4 . 0 \ docs \ guide \ intl \ encoding . doc . html
cast a object to a long object ( reference type )
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
called before the picker for updating the header display .
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value
shuts down the bridge .
this method can be invoked when data is received .
finds a freemarker literal from any supported object type .
resets the component area .
function creates a list of words .
regression test for harmony - of - rate operations
runs the test case .
add a codebase to the transaction manager .
return an iterator over all children of this node that have the specified name .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
creates a new folder in the current directory with the name create_directory_name .
p - empirical prior .
setup and run a test .
always returns 0 , exception tests fail no positive test case for black - box test possible : no default value indicated . not supported
make a json text of an object value . < p > warning : this method assumes that the data structure is acyclical .
checks if the param is annotated by a particular annotation
message processing test , no signature
adds the given classpath entry to the merge path .
load locks for the supplied user .
make a new individuum helper , computing sparsity = fitness
finds all classes in the given uri .
determines whether or not a value is of slavo - germanic orgin . a value is of slavo - germanic origin if it contians any of ' w ' , ' k ' , ' cz ' , or ' witz ' .
moves every element of the items in the inventory .
responsible for generating the animations that moves the tabs back in from discard attempt or commit the current discard ( if any ) . it also re - even the tabs if one of then is removed .
returns the formatted value .
a locale independent version of tolowercase .
runs the specified task .
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
registers a transform to the list of transforms .
terminate this entire set of coroutines . the others will be deregistered and have exceptions thrown at them . note that this is intended as a panic - shutdown operation ; under normal circumstances a coroutine should always end with co_exit_to ( ) in order to politely inform at least
shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary . this method involves copying the data once !
creates a new logical or condition with the provided sub - conditions .
discard any allocations that hold data prior to the specified absolute position , returning them to the allocator .
create new hop given host , port and transport .
updates the enabled state of the connection .
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
process the incoming message to the actual interface .
computes a result , or throws an exception if unable to do so .
check if the set of additional measure names
method to compare all the object classes in the set with the specfied object class . will do a case insensitive comparision .
writes an int field value .
returns natural logarithm of factorial using gamma function .
timed wait for a response to a pending operation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
close a closeable without throwing an exception .
appends a data buffer in the file , at a specific offset . if append is false the content of the file is overwritten .
notify listeners that list has changed
convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress .
opens a remote directory
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key . note that a cleared reference under a key is treated in exactly the same manner as if there were no entry under the key ( the entry under the key is replaced
determine the common suffix of two strings
close the input stream .
start the publishing monitor thread itself .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
set ups the parameters for video capture .
scale the widget , scale , alpha and image
verifies the syntax of the target name and recreates any transient state .
converts the characters in this string to lowercase , using the default locale .
decodes base64 data into octects
generic method to sort a full copies block from a given source
gets and removes the head of the queue .
instantiates a new singlescrapeaction .
creates a new rmi registry for a given port .
read from monitored file , report any changed values for udp statistics . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
resets internal state to the initial state .
adds whitespace to the output .
handles duplicate request handler request .
true if the entry is expired .
makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame .
returns an array of " key = value " strings containing information not otherwise easily available , such as # defined library versions .
handles done button by select image data
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
make a list of nearest neighbors .
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio . flip ( switch a 0 to 1 or 1 to 0 ) for a random bit in a bit vector . return the hastings ratio which makes all subsets of vectors with the same number of 1 bits equiprobable .
tear down after testing .
chart must be called
initialize ( or re - initialize ) this iterator .
obtains a local date in an epoch second .
the function convert_transverse_mercator_to_geodetic converts transverse mercator projection ( easting and northing ) coordinates to geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates , according to the current ellipsoid and transverse mercator projection parameters . if any errors occur , the error code ( s ) are returned by the function ,
checks that cache is empty .
virtualized support for map . get ( ) ; overridden in subclasses .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
store elements at the current position .
adds a language limit to the query
returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
adds a user to the underlying repository . if the user doesn ' t exist , returns ok .
constructs a new block instance .
register a host for the vm .
add to - be - reconciled flow to the queue .
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
creates a new jar file
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided int value .
expect a server proxy failure with the given message info .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
removes the element associated with the key .
recalculates the attribute statistics .
returns true if the window is empty , or false if not empty .
inserts column at given position .
returns the index of string s in the reply
calculates the number of sentences in the ordered set .
load the command method .
invokes a method on an object with the given arguments .
compute the responses entropy of a set of alignment links .
add the new client to internal db , if store = = true , else keep it only in memory .
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
method that adds the export snapshot step for a single volume
inference by gibbs sampling .
removes a group from this language .
report version info from sax interfaces . currently distinguishes between sax 2 , sax 2 . 0beta2 , sax1 , and not found .
test if the files in the compiler swc context have changed since the last compile .
adjust min / pref size for columns ( or rows ) that has components that spans multiple columns ( or rows ) .
dumps the content of a hex string to a byte array .
parse the text file
escape quotes , as well as unknown , but valid , control sequences .
returns the network parameters for the given string paymentprotocolid or null if not recognized .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
stores the body of this header .
finds the angle between two given points .
helper method used to append whitespace characters to the end of each rendered element .
clears the resource index in the list
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions
generates the last 365 days where the last one is the day of the given date .
gets the set of labels required at the time of matching the vertex in a cypher match pattern . this implementation returns a single label if partition contains a single label , otherwise an empty set ( predicate required to match vertices ) .
resets the flat list
adds a new category to the category list .
callnonvirtualintmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability
make a dark color to ripple effect
this test exercises the product data from one movie text
cache an item ' s internal id keyed by client id
processes an entity .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member .
implements that top - level image single task submission that is defined by the imageconsumer interface .
create data planning record
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
given ( i , j ) coordinates that may be out of bounds , normalize them by returning the corresponding neighbor cell on an adjacent face .
checks if a response message contains a body .
updates the actions in the workspace .
closes this audio input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .
return true if the current country is a nanpa country , false otherwise .
checks if cache is still running
add two histograms together .
creates a new unmanagedvolume .
appends path to incoming path
returns the index of the given value .
completed submit ( callable ) throws nullpointerexception
read a signed 16 bit value
true iff there is a granted group .
add a preprocessor directive like # define , # extension , # version etc .
format a date according to our stored formatter .
clear all searchable items
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key . ? s < key > ? value
adds an attribute to the config
copies all bytes in given inputstream to the output stream .
prints the members of the given type .
initialize the variable stack data .
processes the given event .
find free space on the windows platform using the ' dir ' command .
attach the header to a list of headers .
convert the long to a string .
stop client and exit
returns the state of the field .
returns a hashcode for the specified object .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
asserts that the actual pivotfield matches the expected criteria
returns a string representation of this object
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
iterates over the file tree of a directory . it receives a visitor and will call its methods for each file in the directory . previsitdirectory ( directory ) visitfile ( file ) - recursively the same for every subdirectory postvisitdirectory ( directory )
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
highlights all the user handles in the passed text .
reads next variable length block from input .
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array .
get the mqtt topic for a command .
checks that the given argument is a valid internal class name .
run a download on the given url .
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that " setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method supplements its argument to current seed rather than replaces current seed
flips the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
creates a new instance .
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
return a string of length a minimum of totalchars characters by padding the input string str with spaces . if str is already longer than totalchars , it is returned unchanged .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
returns the hash code value for this edipartyname .
constructs a new millisecond with the given charset .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
checks if is cell editable .
checks if the data is valid or not .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
adds a package name to the priority queue .
action to be performed
verify that the given certificate certificate corresponds to the client .
expands the expanding function of the specified type .
constructs new audio capabilities based on a set of supported encodings and a maximum channel count .
returns true if the edge was built by the user .
creates the extension response code .
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values .
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
deletes a set of server instances .
write to the buffer
sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
report a fatal xslt processing error .
add a terminal if it is in the set .
creates a unix path for a file .
stops the recording of the wrapper .
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
returns the hash code value for this timestamp . the hash code is generated using the date and time of the timestamp and the tsa ' s certificate path .
get type variable for the given type node .
validates the authentication credentials .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
adds an element to the select clause .
remove listener for pv changes
performs a normality test
load properties from a properties file .
returns the gamma function of the argument .
displays the progress bar
parse a repository expression .
closes this reader . this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads waiting to read or write .
add an animation section .
load a genome relationships file
returns the version number of parts
executes the algorithm , producing ( at least ) a result workbench . must be implemented in the extending class .
return true if a is nearly equal to b .
load the metamodel declaration into a js file .
split a line in two line .
convenience method that creates the blockobject volume data .
hash object to map .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
delete sms from all contacts
determines whether each block is on a given block .
check if error state is shown
splits the specified page ranges from a document .
validates the auth authentication scheme .
given a string describing a uuid .
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
creates a simple horizontal gradient using the shape for bounds and the colors for top and bottom colors .
returns a list of all class matches in a description .
deletes storage server stat info of the group
creates a node that receives routed objects from the network can only connect to one other node
asserts that each entry in actual exactly matches with an expected state .
user runs a module and counts facets .
writes the bitmap to the local file
parse the sentence again , using the given conversation context .
replace the old child with a new child .
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
flushes the internal buffer , but leaves the internal buffer alone .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
adds a list of entry to the db .
updates a new slide
flush the writer
construct a video stream from one of the strings obtained from the " url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " parameter if the video_info
compares two strings lexicographically .
flushes the underlying stream , but leaves the internal buffer alone .
starts a daemon thread .
evaluates all entities of the given entity .
constructs a new wrapper to collect runtime dynamics .
removes a service provider object from all categories that contain it .
sets the first minute to the current time .
update the visual representation for an item .
writes an float field value .
decode the supplied byte array , generating and appending the supplied number of error correction bytes to be used .
turns an array of strings into an list of strings .
return a path for a scroll bar button . this is used when the buttons are placed apart at opposite ends of the scroll bar . this is a common shape that is transformed to the appropriate button .
removes all views from the adapter
( phonenum is null )
converts an error message to a file .
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number .
show notification in container .
returns true if the attribute list is modified .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
gets collection of futures .
run a query searched .
produce a random sample of the given dbids .
draws a message with a size of values .
grab the method name from the signature
removes a listener from the set of listeners
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
this method processes the events from the event queue .
add a new value to the array map .
reset the candidate parser settings , making each parser equally likely .
redefine this extendedtype object to represent a different extended type . this is intended to be used only on the hashet object . using it elsewhere will mess up existing hashtable entries !
writes a long to the specified position .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
deletes the replication set
moves to the next frame .
adds wheel changing listener
c_order - order defaults .
see the general contract of the readint method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
java . sql . databasemetadata # getcolumns ( java . lang . string , java . lang . string , java . lang . string , java . lang . string )
attempts to create a log instance for the given category name . follows the discovery process described in the class javadoc .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied uri and branch values .
return the printable string .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
part of the json api . creates a new quotation .
resolves the given function .
returns true if the given character is a valid name according to [ 5 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
outputs the ssl connection to the server .
determines if the specified character is a valid java identifier .
returns a hash code value for this object .
create a command handler .
tells whether a given type is a float
responds to the scroll bar .
add a argument to the parser . don ' t include the ' - ' in the argname , that ' s added automatically .
removes the object at the specified location from this list .
removes the given model from the container .
read the map from the file .
returns natural logarithm of factorial using gamma function .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
follows changes in the file , calling the tailerlistener ' s handle method for each new line .
with child view to processing move events
tests whether the given local curve are valid .
add a region to the model
reset the tree structure
assert a throwable type and implement more assertions in a consumer
returns true if this model contains no nodes .
asserts that a boolean value is true .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
construct a key - value mapping .
helper method to send runnable into local handler .
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sorts the given list of files in ascending order .
add directory to scan for saves avatars
returns an immutable map containing the same mappings and using the same ordering as the specified sorted map .
process properties from property file .
adds an idrepo plugin to the service plugin .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
reacts to a key in pin .
checks if is string .
paints a portion of a highlight .
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . this called by pipedwriter . write ( ) when writes occur . < p > if the buffer is full and the thread sending # receive is interrupted , the interruptedioexception will be thrown .
converts a buffer to a bytebuffer with boundary constraints .
implements outputstream . write ( int ) in terms of outputstream . write ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . outputstream assumes that you implement outputstream . write ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
process the uri files in a local uri .
generates an utterance for announcing screen on and screen off .
calculate matrix for fit_center
resets the current count .
reads a byte from the stream .
runs the test case .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
addissuer ( x500principal issuer ) method testing . tests if crls with specified issuers match the selector , and if not specified issuer does not match the selector .
adds new tag transformation to this tag transformation .
this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not
return the characters up to the next close quote character . backslash processing is done . the formal json format does not allow strings in single quotes , but an implementation is allowed to accept them .
read a single integer .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
returns true if the database is present .
returns true if the string looks like a combining character .
metodo que se ejecuta cuando la sesion del usuario outputstream
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
returns the best parse for state " state " , potentially starting with a unary rule
parses attributes of the docuemnt element for this object .
calculates the distance between two given points in the plane .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
description of the method
pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it ' places ' long
creates and registers a new success result code with the application .
adds all exceptions to this one .
set ups the parameters for video capture .
construct a new resource loader .
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
creates a new project types from the given project types .
remove notificationlistener from this mbean .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the second is longer .
asynchronously consume all messages on the queue .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
if checkdups is false , delete the service ( if present ) from servicebyattr under all attribute values of the given entry or from servicebyemptyattr if the entry has no attributes . if checkdups is true , only delete for a given attribute value if the service has no other
tests dsa algorithmparameters provider
checks if a class is an inner one .
loads the log file for the given license , overwriting any existing log file .
creates a new htmlstripcharfilter over the provided tags .
update the user by query
the likelihood of a tag in given document .
returns a description of the classifier .
check if installer is running at this mode .
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
add an item in the popup view .
determine if the messages are in the gui .
call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
load a rastered image from the given name
registers a set of channel names .
deletes a directory recursively .
display a table of property values .
deletes any empty folder from the db .
perform an asynchronous sum operation
write ( int b ) method testing . tests that method writes correct values to the underlying output stream .
parses a document input source .
determines if the passed volume is a full copy .
tests fix for bug # 33734 - statement .
decodes a url safe string into its original form using the specified encoding .
blocking wait for the next procedural call .
a mapping vector is a vector of vectors of mappingobject objects .
compute the length of a dimension
writes an image map to an output stream .
adds a note message to the import stack .
returns a string representation of the logout response .
returns a list with erasure dimensionalitemobject based on the given collection .
returns the minimum of the specified values according to this ordering . if there are multiple largest values , the first of those is returned .
reads a number of bytes from the stream .
append a string onto the vector .
keeps stack from item
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ) .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
xor for zero and a negative number
call the specified callback when a ' rail ' receives a cancellation .
java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int , char )
add missing values to a dataset .
inserts discovered objects in batches
modifies the configuration object . creates the directory for the object and the attributes properties file with the given attributes .
removes a listener for when tabs are selected , reselected , or deselected
connect to the server .
add volumes to consistency group .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
convert the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
has the user chosen to export to pvk ?
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
creates a new number tick .
returns true if this cache has an subject .
writes a message to the process .
add a single member to the set of members .
returns true for a public class .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
convert a userpreference genericvalue to a userprefmap .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
appends an object to the end of the string buffer .
deletes the user from a tungstenproperties .
writes error occurred in a component into a log .
removes the processor in the processor queue .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
returns the animation type or 0 if cannot be found .
append a string onto the vector .
check if a method is a method parameter with the given name .
delete a node from the graph . this update the underlying structure of the graph ( including dependencies ) via listeners updates .
responds to the update button
gets a string representation of this object .
checks whether the koml is present in the class path
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
returns the batch size for this sequences .
decodes an array of url safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
clears the scrap heap .
adds a dataset dynamically .
pass the call on to the underlying handler
create a libvlc withs options
adds a child to the display list at the specified index , bumping children at equal or greater indexes up one , and setting its parent to this container
calculate probability of data at descendants from node , given a color at the node ( ' partials ' ) , by a felsenstein - like pruning algorithm . ( first step in the color sampling algorithm ) side effect : updates nodepartials [ ] for this node and all
returns the minimum and maximum values in the matrix .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
creates a time object from a given date - if the date is between 1950 and 2049 a utctime object is generated , otherwise a generalizedtime is used .
creates new dproviderinfo dialog where the parent is a frame .
return an automaton that accepts a dense color .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
adds a column to the key definition .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
checks to see if the p is a valid vector .
fills the list with more bytes .
opens a stream to the file .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
closes this writer . the contents of the buffer are flushed , the target writer is closed , and the buffer is released . only the first invocation of close has any effect .
takes a list of files and writes it as a " file of file names " ( i . e . a file with one filepath on each line ) to the destination file , overwriting the destination file if it exists . note the filepath used is the absolute
sets the " internal " flag on type ids which are defined in the dex file or within the vm ( e . g . primitive classes and arrays ) .
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle .
how much of the variance is explained by the regression
return the number of components of the tuple
append a character sequence to this writer .
return timestamp value using a string
consumes a single argument value .
returns a copy of the given byte array .
import key into the wallet .
creates a new connection object .
checks if the given reader exists in the jar .
add a button pressed listener .
gets content from metatag
removes the given columns
reads a service ' s schema .
refreshes the preferences entry with the specified key .
adds types to the type .
multiply histogram by scalar .
paint component . paint lines directly as not added .
adds all participants to the given group .
convert a map to json text . the result is a json object . if this map is also a jsonaware , jsonaware specific behaviours will be omitted at this top level .
prints the message and context .
returns the number of method invoked so far .
helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
saves the soap managenameid service .
returns whether the device can send sms messages .
returns a handle denoting the class member identified by its scope .
converts a list of file ( s ) into a list of virtualfile ( s ) . the virtualfile implementation is flex2 . compiler . io . localfile .
ensures that the vm currently has a securitymanager installed . note that this may change over time .
convert amount to currency . previously : currencyconvert - now : currencyconvert
performs interaction between client ' s httpsurlconnection and servers side ( serversocket ) . server will response with specified response code .
generates a unique engine id . the engine id unicity is based on the host ip address and port . the ip address is the localhost one . the creation algorithm uses the passed iana number .
parse a rule file .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
encrypts the root element of the given xml document .
add an issue during transformation . duplicate issues will be detected and stored only once . this is typically called by the specific transformation subclass .
inserts several nodes at ones . reindex is done onl once , after all children are added .
creates the ntlm hash of the user ' s password .
test if a value is between zero
substitutes parameter values with printf formatting .
x . logequals ( ) calculates the power of each element of the matrix .
split a list of camel names to a class name .
use an xpath string to select a nodelist . xpath namespace prefixes are resolved from the namespacenode .
constructs a result file entry with the specified non - dominated population and auxiliary properties .
generates xml for key constraints
create a new instance .
action to be performed
applies all properties to the parameter types .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s right child is the new root .
add a new node to the end of the node list
checks if the given file exists in the filesystem .
returns a string representation of the given iterable .
write a string without compression
parse the content of the given file .
shuts down the executor service .
converts a view to the specified point in screen coordinates .
called when the socket connection with the browser is established .
adds a descriptor to the list of descriptor .
returns true if the ip address is authorized to the third value .
compiles a progress in the xml environment .
returns a string with all float numbers concatenated by a specified separator .
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position
returns the number of the prameters included in the given descriptor .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
has denied permission boolean .
returns returns a key for all the col names , for better readability if the names got cut off .
completes this builder by creating the formatter . this uses the default locale .
wait for external storage .
append a node onto the vector .
uploads a local device to the device .
reads an input stream into a list of byte values .
uninstall package and clear data of app silent by root
open a list of audio track
adds the provided user friendly names .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
tests stepping backwards through a range with a closure .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
this method will check the digits before dot with the max precision allowed
deserialize api for debugging .
append given name / value pairs as query parameters to the base url < p / > the params argument is interpreted as a sequence of name / value pairs so the given number of params must be divisible by 2 .
sends the given event to the socket .
applies the given filters to the given map .
returns the next revision information . ( does not contain the encoded diff )
add editor to parameterpanel alernative right / left depending on m_newrow . field value changes update editors
indexes the data values for the given field name for each tuple in the provided iterator . these values are used to construct an internal data structure allowing fast searches over these attributes . to index multiple fields , simply call this method multiple times with the desired field names
close outputstream without a exception
adds the specified listener to the internal list of listeners .
obtiene si la lista de valores es simple ( un valor )
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
opens the associated editor application and opens a file for editing .
convert iso format strings to date .
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
called before initial collection runs .
maps a map of char values .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
invokes the wrapped producer method .
appends scheme to incoming path
adds the given issue matcher to the issue matcher .
find a scope in the class , if any .
applies a key to a given key
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
advances the iterator one step backwards .
sets up a drawing image .
determines whether a composite name is a prefix of this composite name . a composite name ' n ' is a prefix if it is equal to getprefix ( n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name starts with ' n ' .
used by unit tests
invokeany ( c ) returns result of some task in c if at least one completes
creates a new listener object .
signs content using a private key .
creates time interval [ starttime , starttime + duration ) .
create the edit menu .
removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
log the current state of the stack .
check if this is a animation
determine if the expression is considered signed .
parse a text representation of a json data structure .
the number of parts in this multipart body .
create a simple doublevector database from a file .
add filter to category filters .
when unbind service connections .
returns null if there is nothing left .
asigna el fondo al detalle de una busqueda de unidad documental
adds the neurons to the neurons .
shiftright ( int n ) , n < 0
calculates array of difference between two points .
finds the next character in a string .
reads the next encoded content from the encoded input stream . the method must be used for reading a primitive encoded content .
create a primitive value .
convenience method that creates a pair of related debits and credits for accrual based accounting . the target accounts for debits and credits are switched in case of a reversal
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer . < p > < p > bytes are read starting at this file ' s current position , and then the position is updated with the number of bytes actually read .
clears the time of a calendar .
returns the probability distribution function .
converts an integer to a string , and appends it to the given buffer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
draw the 12 text values at the positions specified by the textgrid parameters .
test de busqueda active directory
handle the input transitionstate create event and add it to the inputbuffer
returns a hash code value for this object .
strips leading char if string starts with one .
check if the passed in directory is required to be present in the configuration data set .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
calculate matrix for fit_center
removes labels from the label table .
rotate theta degrees about the z axis
convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone .
perform an asynchronous max operation
create a new client object .
creates an array signature .
prints the text to standard output and then terminates the line .
increases a buffer size .
handle hardware ( re ) distributions .
determine whether it is loaded more
add a new worker only if there are no idle worker .
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node . leading nodes of already explored states are dropped . so the resulting node state will always be unexplored yet .
encode the input data producing a base 64 encoded string .
creates a bitmap from the specified width and height . < p / > this function creates a font
returns true if the storage pool is a default memory pool .
returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
retrieves the callable without trapping checked exceptions .
tokenizes the given string into string tokens .
adds a proxy selector for the given protocoll on the protocoldispatchselector
adds given line to the header .
read the contents of a file .
detects the presence of genetic non - monogamy within an set of families
creates a vao for the scene .
returns true if the given file is contained in the jar .
load up a char - based image from the given file .
update the receipt status
add an animation to the animationset
if discovery fails , then mark the system as unreachable . the discovery framework will remove the storage system from the database .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
initialize the list of words .
checks if a point2d .
removes all path and sub - resources .
this method will be used to add a new property
remove a column from the table .
check protection set exists in db
put string to byte [ ]
checks to see if the query matches the expected encoded string .
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function , returning the updated value . the function should be side - effect - free , since it may be re - applied when attempted updates fail due to contention among threads .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the filtered client .
returns true if the destination service is on the same device .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
converts an array of arguments .
wrap content of the widget .
construct a new windowsdirectory for the named location .
adds a " minutes " label to the axis .
recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations .
this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
returns the number of values in the sorted set .
execute update based on the sql statement given
the graphical representation of the line .
ensures that the connection is established .
adds the given collection at the end of this list .
validates if cookie domain is syntactically correct .
loads a model from a reader .
for the reduction of location path parts , create a list of all the multistep paths with more than one step , sorted by the number of steps , with the most steps occuring earlier in the list . if the list is only one member , don ' t
eliminates word length for each quantization unit of a channel .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ) . deletes all referencing rows and then updates referenced one
prune the exceptional out edges for each basic block in the ir .
compute a single lof score .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
remove the upload file
converts the given string into a string .
parses a content type from the specified byte array .
no encoding , will produce invalid xml for inner class types .
decode the base 64 encoded string data writing it to the given output stream , whitespace characters will be ignored .
set the beginning of the next contour relative to the last point on the previous contour . if there is no previous contour , this is treated the same as moveto ( ) .
parses the output string .
write the end data to the output stream .
add to actual min qty
determines whether a given character is a vowel
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
submits task to execution pool
print the stack trace for a sqlexception to stderr .
initializes the body of this body .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that was removed from the list .
create edges for this demo graph
uses the pagination parameters from the request and makes sure to order the result and set all pagination attributes for the response to render
builds a single row of components in the panel .
adds additional target elements . if the user hovers over any of the target elements , the tooltip will appear .
draw a curve to the bezier path .
divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative
metadata to write out .
it opens the counter binary file for writing
create a new compositepredicate .
read the next token from the stream .
returns the string representation of this object .
determine if a file or directory exists .
learn svm parameters from data .
float value of a negative bigdecimal
replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
prevent initializing this class .
add an object to methodize
return the first child element returns the first element .
main method of class .
returns the hashcode for the string .
tests the functionality of the method , which allows to add all helper text colors , which are contained by a collection .
applies max norm to the histogram .
adds a graphic to the overlay .
writes a string to a file .
returns a hashcode for the principal .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ) .
writes a input stream ' s contents .
after the screen rotates , this method will be called to refresh the list of gridviews
find all edges whose depths indicates that they are in the graph .
retrieve an keymap instance by its key .
verifies if the specified name is a legal class name .
transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper , by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
removes the mapping from the specified key , if there was any .
called while highlighting a single string builder .
starts the stop message
returns a single row for a single row .
removes set of characters from string .
adds all columns referenced by columnindexes to the query as generated keys .
loads the token frequencies from the database .
copies all bytes from the input stream to the output stream . does not close or flush either stream .
check if the user has merged another transition
unit test for verifying fix to [ jackson - 109 ] .
copy the specified component to this instance .
compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution . do this incrementally for a distribution that has n items now but used to have st items . use the zipfian constant theta . remember the new value of n so that if we change the itemcount , we ' ll
calculate how many millis take to complete given qty on the configured dates .
this loads the profile of the user
scrolls to the very end of the document .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
determines whether the text of a symbol represents an identifier , an operator , or a symbol that always requires ( single ) quotes .
parse the commit file counter .
loads a xml document from a file .
returns a new comment .
refer the same api in assignment service
get a munger that only imports labels in some languages .
returns a list of all the elements of the specified values .
assigns the node to all child nodes .
close the current path point .
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
save selection & return selection query or " "
creates a modelmbeaninfosupport with the provided description .
cleans up a task to the caller ' s thread .
create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
return the host uri , as a string .
move the center of a latitude / longitude from the center of the circle .
send a request to the server .
handles a column whose header maps to the given point
creates a fixed part of fixed records .
adds the given attributes to this parameters if they are not already present .
recompose the attribute - set declarations .
splits the given string using the given regex as delimiters . this method is the same as the string . split ( ) method ( except it throws the results in a list ) , and is included just to give a call that is parallel to the other static
deletes all files and subdirectories under " dir " .
specialized version of find to get last valid node .
invoked to pass stream data . the data passed should not include the 3 byte start code .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
pans the view provided by this display in absolute ( i . e . item - space ) coordinates .
checks if two objects are equal .
returns the url of the product wiki page .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
compute the mean mean list .
convert a byte array to hexadecimal
initializes an input stream from a url .
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the message .
replace & lt ; & gt ; characters with & amp ; characters .
writes vector of opaque values
unlock user interface . called from the worker before processing
build a map of uri to cached storagesystem for the underlying arrays .
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits .
returns strongest measurement for each wifi within bounding box from tbl_wifis .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
resets the editor for the kit .
actions a pull event
returns the secure flag
updates the sample interval .
prepares tenant creates tenant for given openstack tenant .
force a failure to the server .
call this function to draw the node highlighted .
create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
parses a string option , uses default if option is missing .
are the lines source balanced
increases the capacity to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements specified by the minimum capacity argument .
returns a string representation of the given method .
locks the ivf header and closes the file .
lock user interface . called from the worker before processing
creates a statement interceptor to monitor query response times
helper method to remove the response from the server .
switches to the advanced setup mode .
load client properties from the datastore .
adds the named field property .
creates a new hmmchinesetokenizer .
converts plain string to a map .
the graphical representation of a series .
sends a user to the server .
verifies that the specified class name is a valid class name
create a new minute
method to check if the load dates are complied .
remove a set of breakpoints .
replaces an existing creationtemplate with the one specified .
reads the listeners from a stream .
adds the specified item to this list model . if the item already exists , the list model is unchanged .
using some super basic byte array & lt ; - & gt ; hex conversions so we don ' t have to rely on any large base64 libraries . can be overridden if you like !
create a new server definition .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
minimalstage . tocompletablefuture ( ) returns a completablefuture that is completed normally , with the same value , when source is .
write directory post resource
trim the array to the required size .
static helper method for populating attributes from a given column name .
removes curlmesh to this renderer .
samples a list of valuesource .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
returns true if this periodicrunnable is closed .
insert a script into the script .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
add an instruction to the subroutine .
ensures that this vector can hold the specified number of elements without growing .
removes the provided user friendly name .
reads the xml input into a collection .
adds a hit to the given entity
verifies whether the given named exists in the database .
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators .
copies stream from an input stream to an output stream .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
parses a " " " long string " " " . this method requires that the first three characters have already been parsed .
generate code to push a constant class to the given output stream .
formats a string into an anchor component .
constructs a new jsonexception with the specified cause .
make sure that given path represents a valid root path .
find all pattern state .
filters the files contained in a directory .
adds the string representation for this text edit and its children to the given string buffer .
encode a long value to an output stream .
removes the specified cell from the model .
removes the given foreign key at the specified position .
inserts the string representation of the boolean argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
adds the given utterance to the set of operations that should be enabled in production .
description of the method
create a sequence containing one object
compute the significant bit ( unit in last position ) for a number .
append a node onto the vector .
generates an xml element for a given type .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) . updates table using subquery in where clause todo foreign key functionality is not supported
this service is used to read historical values or events of one or more nodes .
validate the scheme contains only valid characters .
sends the message to the end of the queue
returns the native architecture ' s address size in bytes .
an internal entity declaration .
does the given operation
returns the next object in the array .
use it if you need to add a multiple messages
this is called when the user has finished .
constructs a new user instance .
returns whether the specified object equals to this instance .
simulates rolling a dice with 20 sides .
this function is used to convert the streaming - bit to the encryption subkey .
creates a new panel object .
returns the height of the specified range .
asynchronously consume all messages on the given stream .
calculates the distance ( or similarity ) between two instances . need to pass this returned distance later on to postprocess method to set it on correct scale . < br / > p . s . : please don ' t mix the use of this function with distance
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
todo : this chaining can be slow at query execution . the other option is to perform this in the query itself , but that will be constrained to how many levels we decide to go
create a new full text index .
debugging : dot representation of this graph
resize the tables to the exact provided size .
returns true if there ' s another socket address to try .
calculate the percentile for the given percentile .
queue database name to queue database name .
given a variable referenced in a context , return its id .
the change in the x value that is required to move from the current touch point to the tangent .
bytes from an offset .
< rm > , lsl < rs > operation : if rs [ 7 : 0 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = rm shifter_carry_out = c flag else if rs [ 7 : 0 ] < 32 then shifter_operand = rm logical_shift_left rs [ 7 : 0 ] shifter_carry_out
removes an option from file .
generates a label for the specified series .
returns true if the given path matches the given pattern .
adjusts the amount of space the layout would like to have .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
constructs a new instance , based on a particular date / time and time zone .
prevent initializing this class .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index
generates the instruction to jump to a label based on a field .
routine to open pdf file and extract key info from pdf file
main entry point for the launcher .
waits for ( by spinning ) to have the element transfered to another thread . the element is filled into an empty slot in the arena and spun on until it is transfered or a per - slot spin limit is reached . this search and wait strategy is repeated
constructs a list of one - dimensional signature .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
finds and returns the end of the given character sequence after trimming spaces and tabs .
asserts that a query throws a solrexception with the listed response code
pop the current executing attribute set .
workout the transformation as 1 or 2 transformations
print the new line .
convert a java date to it ' s julian equivalent .
remove the last element , if it matches .
write each of the parent ' s simple unqualified properties as an attribute . returns true if all of the properties are written as attributes .
computes the utility table for the query variable ( typically an action variable ) , assuming no additional evidence .
convert a list of float to a primitive array .
sets the output socket to the previous image . ( wraps around )
loading method . ( see nbt_tag )
returns the best list which has the best piece in the best list .
parse a string value to a calendar
writes a short ( 16 bit ) to the target stream .
returns true if the implementation is initialized .
starts and activity to open the ' new account ' page in the owncloud web site
registers an added module .
trims a line and removes everything behind colon
returns the distance between two points
adds the instructions to the list of ofinstructions in the offlowmod . any pre - existing instruction of the same type is replaced with ofinstruction inst .
returns an iterator over the elements in the circular buffer in the order in which they were added .
verify that the given tenant is not null .
filter the circle at the given points
initialize the class with its environment loader .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table user
number of pages swapped ( not maintained ) .
utility method to find a class to use .
converts a key - value pair to a stream
returns map containing the given entries .
write the characters from an array .
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
load voice from voice .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
add a new classifier listener
read a float from the input stream .
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .
copy the files in a directory .
converts a values clause to a relational expression .
mark the passage of a particular block .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
configures any necessary colors / fonts for the specified color .
removes all limitlines from the axis .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
removes all the supplied elements in the returned filterable
draws the given lines as segments between all points of the given list of mxpoints .
create a normalized rectangle to fit the given rectangle .
flushes the internal buffer .
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
handle a bizarre special case . nested classes ( static classes declared inside another class ) that are protected have their access bit set to public in their class files to deal with some odd reflection situation . our svuid computation must do as the jvm does and ignore access
convert latitude to pixel value
world coordinates , static version .
stores the register in a string .
remove a remote session to track .
returns the string representation of this vector .
return an iterator over the child nodes .
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the config file and starting the metrics task .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
returns true if the charsegment ends with the string .
write part of an array of bytes .
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
process the provided array of ldif lines as a single ldif change record .
prints a progress update
release a remote object that is non - null . called from dlockreleasemessage . basicprocess for remote unlock . < p > acquires destroyreadlock . synchronizes on granttokens and the grant token .
loads the positions of all bounds in the database .
creates a toggle box with the given text .
adds a batch of input classes to the batch .
save the encoded ( output ) buffer into the complete encoded recording . todo : copy directly ( without the intermediate byte array )
create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delays specify , when and how often the job should be triggered .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
stores given integer value . alignment aware .
create a tmp file , given an input file .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
display the popup menus
create a new abstract writer object .
attempts to guess whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
maps the rest group to another .
post all filenames provided in args
return a string representation of this object .
clear all searchable items
action listener interface - nop
adds an item to the shopping cart .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
order
find a clone that corresponds to the key argument .
converts the specified string to bytes using the specified encoding .
description of the method
before writing all process and redirect all process output stream to supplied file .
add single meta - data to this file .
the code that does the real work of lookup . we do a deep copy of the items being returned , both to avoid having them modified while being marshalled ( by a concurrent update method ) , and to substitute replacements for embedded entryclass and servicetype instances , to
finds all history records for the given job and job status .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
escapes a character if it has an escape sequence or is non - printable ascii . leaves non - ascii characters alone .
if a landmark has been added to the set of the active landmarks , this function re - evaluates the estimated remaining travel time based on the new set of active landmarks of the nodes contained in pendingnodes . if this estimation improved , the node ' s position in
returns a string representation of this object .
draws indicator in case the annotation text overflows on the y axis .
write a line of values to the file with a timestamp
this method returns true if the bytearray contains a pem encoded item
close the listener to the system
controls the shard routing of the request . using this value to hash the shard and not the id .
receive data with a specific buffer size
deletes an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ) .
adds the index characters from the given locale to the index . the labels are added to those that are already in the index ; they do not replace the existing index characters . the collation order for this index is not changed ; it remains that of the locale
should never be called .
this method is called via reflection from the server .
add a separator line to the page .
determine if sd card exists .
utility method to load a class from a class loader .
loads the modules of a database .
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format .
rounds a double to the next nearest integer value in a probabilistic fashion ( e . g . 0 . 8 has a 20 % chance of being rounded down to 0 and a 80 % chance of being rounded up to 1 ) . in the limit , the
converts the executableelement properties to typename properties
parse a list of registers .
constructs the factory . creates new thread group .
unit test for a heartbeat message .
format a vector of numbers into a formatted string .
add a column to the current table .
schedule variables for execution .
adds a transaction that encapsulates a transaction .
creates a successful retry .
test split and join of properties ( using pipe ) .
test case to verify that ignore tag can also be disabled via inheritance
returns true if . at this time , the bean is busy with some ( i . e . perhaps a worker thread is performing some calculation ) .
parses bytes from the stream .
reset the datagram connection
tests whether a single security role is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
decodes a fullrevision operation .
removes a child node from the trie .
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
load the parallel corpus into a contiguous block of memory . set the corpus reference to null after this call to free memory .
self mix of this sample
serialize a object to a string .
compile a load instruction .
this method determines whether the native volume is supported by the native volume .
update the gui information for entering the view position .
function which will return zero if the argument is a negative number .
returns the size of this range ( the number of values within its bounds ) .
checks whether it is allowed to perform a gzip request .
sets the buffer size .
called when the form list has been set .
reads the next encoded byte from the encoded input stream .
enqueue a job to be executed after the chart - view is setup ( after onsizechanged ( ) .
this test doesn ' t pass on ri
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
receive notification of the start of an element .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
draws a string using the current font and color object .
read the sepcified number of characters into the array .
updates the cnonce counter
accept and process an instance event
matches given vpoollist with all systems present in db .
calculate the fee for a spend
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators . this assumes that the image is rotated 180 degrees and if it locates the start and stop patterns at it will re - map the vertices for a 0 degree
adds a search to the history .
trims a list of file names from list2
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
write 16 - bit value to output stream , lsb first
sets the order by clause .
create a stemmedstring from one charsequence ( stemmed ) and one string ( original )
merges all logs on this node based on time stamp
pack cipher array into string .
constructs a new extension object .
ensure the tuple array exists .
returns true if the specified argument is a string argument .
removes all the children of a given node
eventually sets to the given value .
determine if the expression is a valid or not .
returns only the columns whose names are given in the input array
write the strings to the file .
remove all elements from the list .
resets the uid validity
create a psuedo from square sq0 in direction delta .
writes an ogg page header to the given byte array .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
produce static stop trees
subscribe to a room .
discharges an ienergizeditem with the defined amount of energy .
returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque , in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p / > < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this deque .
add all of the specified elements to the selection .
test if the dom implementation supports a specific feature .
get primary partitions for specified node id .
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
loads a new image loader .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
builds the matrix to be translated .
transform binary to hex
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
create bidi from the start of a line . < p > the run_direction attribute in the text , if present , determines the base direction ( left - to - right or right - to - left ) . if not present , the base direction is computes using
returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .
paints the background of an internal frame title pane .
add a graph listener
restart the temp file or directory if it exists .
align - measure : 2006 , 5 . 2 .
is category product product category
it creates a new instance of this panel .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
this method appends data to an existing file on the remote server . calling this method blocks the current thread until the operation is completed . the operation could be interrupted by another thread calling abortcurrentdatatransfer ( ) . the method will break with a ftpabortedexception .
provide white list , entry in white list will not be shown in ui list .
checks if is a qualified name .
creates a new mina buffer .
load config from file .
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
pretty printing accumulator function for booleans
renders the clause in textual representation .
remove this database listener .
loads and validates audiomap . xml .
add a generic attribute to the class file . a generic attribute contains a stream of uninterpreted bytes which is ignored by the vm ( as long as its name doesn ' t conflict with other names for attributes that are understood by the vm )
add events to the event list .
try to construct using newtransformerfactorynoserviceloader method if available .
checks that the passed string is a valid uuid identifier .
prepare the channel for writing .
executes the protocolsession in the session .
writes default serializable fields to stream .
convert the supplied value into an internal representation as packedlongiv .
adds a header to the header .
adds a child leaf to this container .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
cumulative density function of the standard normal distribution
remove a new result .
add an entry to the dataset list .
mod when modulus is negative
utility method to calculate confidence threshold value
creates a new dexportprivatekeypkcs8 dialog .
returns the sum of all expressions .
perform a scroll to the closest animation .
calculates the offset in the underlying data taking into account any bounds on the data .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
clear listeners when finished
runs the test case .
add the number of days to this date .
creates a temporary directory in the cache .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index . returns true if an entry was removed , false if no entry was found that meets the specified requirements .
run a test case .
closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
identity - based version for use in itr . remove
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
calculate matrix for fit_center
do a simple command to start a unique lookup port
add a solrinputdocument to this request
gets the result of a key in the set .
creates a new empty simpleobjectpermissionset .
add a curve to the shape
read shared preferences from the input bitstream .
returns the next character .
accept offer remove from offers list update corresponding app usage
verify that the given public key successfully handles and confirms the signature associated with this signer .
generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional modules provided by inheritance .
writes the web service request ( soap body ) .
reads a date value from the input stream .
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by the user .
equivalent to , but cheaper than writing integer . tohexstring ( ) . getbytes ( ) followed by crlf .
reads an input stream into a string .
returns a list of type parameters in a map
find free space on the * nix platform using the ' df ' command .
reads all data from stream and close it silently
see if within three moves of solution .
creates a new dataset .
processes sslv2 hello message . sslv2 client hello message message is an unexpected message for client side of handshake protocol . see tls 1 . 0 spec . , e . 1 . version 2 client hello
closes the write half of the stream .
apply one row to the batch .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
the ' avgrequestspersecond ' field will make everything look like it changed
returns true if this float value is infinitely large in magnitude .
get the name of the inprogress znode .
adds a new value to the series
receive notification of character data .
output the doc type declaration .
create a new cache object .
checks if vector is valid .
resolve relative url - s and fix a java . net . url error in handling of urls with pure query targets .
returns the maximum recursion depth for shoving the obstacle traces
determines the height of this view
utility method for converting a search path string to an array of directory and jar file urls . note that this method is called by apt and the docletinvoker .
adds a regular expression to the output .
fire a connection to the data source
stores integer value with volatile semantic .
construct a strategy that parses a number field
creates a uri from a url .
creates a new plot .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
add table column class .
construct a new point .
creates the xml element for an integer value .
flush the internal buffer
add a character to the start of the queue ( will be the next character retrieved ) .
add an instance of a class using the specified classloader
read the specified number of bytes into an array .
check if remote routing is ready to be displayed .
processes and informs listener when we encounter a tag indicating that a test suite is done .
inserts a string at the specified offset .
adds a root node to the class .
expands all ancestors of the given element or tree path so that the given element becomes visible in this viewer ' s tree control and additionally expands the element if it has children .
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided double value .
constructs a new instance of txoriginatorrecoveryprocessor
ensures correct size of the widget .
returns true if the specified character sequence is a normalized form .
returns a textual description of this classifier
unescape a som string fragment replacing " . " with " \ . " .
saves the given entity
reads all bytes from an input stream into a copy of the given state .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
creates a new token with the given number formatter .
make a color by a given factor .
returns a string representation of the database .
returns the name of a class file .
write the given variable share .
adds new values to the series
parameterasserts that a qualifier namespace is set .
formats the float array d with the specified number format .
pack from string into array .
go to the last viewpoint in the list
remove all listeners that are notified of any changes in scroll state or position .
updates the background of a color component .
removes the ignored view .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
ensures that a resource is running
returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing .
removes all the existing values from the series .
toggle the section in a specified index
combines an array of file names
stop the instance scroller .
finds an internal item in the hardware
compute the log likelihood of a number .
create a text response with known length .
returns the next xmlevent
replace an end point with the endpoint
computes the euclidean length of the arbitrary vector components passed in .
make a new path segment .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
adds a new member .
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
adds whitespace by whitespace .
computes the fully qualified class name for the given typeref .
processes a atom atom .
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
delete an http url and assert the response status code .
calculates the sum of a sum of the estimator .
returns a copy of the table builders in the specified map .
generate a new sub - configuration .
creates a mapping of the service name to the display name for the service .
create a new intcolumn .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns a string representation of the object .
returns true if the current work has been canceled or if there was no work in progress on this image view . returns false if the work in progress deals with the same data . the work is not stopped in that case .
queue a bitmap that waits for a bitmap cache
analyze the location path and return 32 bits that give information about the location path as a whole . see the bit_xxx constants for meaning about each of the bits .
adds a listener to be notified when the server changes .
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
generates a list of acceptable preview sizes . preview sizes are not acceptable if there is not a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio . if there is a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio , the picture size is paired up with the preview size
attempts to read more data .
create a new relation .
below method will be used to add row to store
returns true if the given domain is a local domain for this host .
this method computes the entropy of the given data set .
write the distribution parameter generation
save the advanced query to the user
calculate the color selected by the pointer on the bar .
read characters into a portion of an array .
adjust a new line .
appends the instructions to the output .
forward project a raw dialogue system .
adds a button with text .
returns true if the specified attribute matches the attribute of the tag .
returns a string representation of the business object data key .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
creates a new exception if the usage of the command is not valid
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
generate an iso file with an iso - 8859 - 1 ' command .
creates the event controller for a specific endpoint .
instantiates a new property provider .
removes the element at the specified position in this vector .
treat the passed child relations .
adds a node to the end of the node .
removes wheel changing listener
gets the raw byte offset from the start of an object ' s memory to the memory used to store the indicated instance field .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
generates the xml representation of the object ( without xml headers or enclosing plist - tags ) .
when the window closes , stop any sequences running
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current fluxmerge instance .
shuts down the server .
check if the given string is a local id .
starts the port listening .
checks for interrupt , returning throw_ie if interrupted before signalled , reinterrupt if after signalled , or 0 if not interrupted .
resets the history generator .
read string from buffer .
writes carriers and their plans into a xml - file .
registers a listener to the system
test that a manifest without an activity with a launcher intent reports an error .
appends message if the given name is similar to the candidate .
writes the contents of a file .
returns the java version used to generate this build .
creates an instance of a voiceresult .
creates bin with initial set of nodes headed by b .
adds a category to the tree
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of drawer events .
show fragment for the keyboard
adds a new entry to the hashtable .
this method is used to initiate the action .
format the given monetary value to a string .
used to execute this plugin tool .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
p - empirical joint . multi - target friendly .
remove / collapse multiple newline characters
readobject is called to restore the state of the execpermission from a stream .
returns the total of the values in one row of the supplied data table .
open the analysis of the file .
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext of this object . for the layer , this method doesn ' t do anything . if your layer does something with the childrenadded method , or findandinit , you should take steps in this method to
performs some processing on the given item .
removes instances from containers during scaling down
draws a line on the device .
removes all possible legal characters
start listening for messages .
parses the tree from the given set of flags .
defines a new package using the information extracted from the specified manifest .
parses an xml document .
verifies the signature bytes .
add a new match to the repository
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
get time ago that date occurred
converts a hex string to bytes .
stops the specified job
returns the downside deviation , defined as the square root of the downside variance .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
returns a string representation of this object .
creates a new instance of default version formatter .
upgrades an attribute schema .
convert an android class name to its canonical form .
emit a method that ensures a collection is initialized .
unregisters an existing client from this server .
replace double quotes html entities with equivalent character .
create a new coredescriptor with the given capacity and capacity .
check if uri represents local resource
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
synchronously waits for a file .
volume is not a zone level resource
checks if the given type is a valid message type .
close event and ignore
read all of the input stream and return it ' s md5 digest .
checks to see if a table has finished .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
removes the binding from the container .
test of countmessagesinmailbox method , of class hbasemessagemapper .
queue an " event " to be run on the gl rendering thread .
adds the error message .
ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
writes a string to the underlying stream .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
process the source tree to the output result .
processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest , and closes the request at the end .
make a copy of the link .
generate a paragraph id
removes the provider at the specified 1 - based position .
parses an element and returns the corresponding xml element .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
formats the amount of money like all other essentials functions .
delete an instance of the entryclass , and remove the class from entryclasses if this is the last such instance .
loads the settings and stores them in a properties map .
log a warning message .
reads an input stream into a string .
construct a vector with preset values .
add a transaction service listener .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
converts from the given level .
tests session creation session .
called when an object has been added to the beancontext . the informationdelegator will look for certain objects it needs .
removes all layers from the map .
returns number of entries in collection .
asynchronously create zookeeper path recursively and optimistically .
write the content of this uri .
compare based on net amount
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
for all fields whose names must be in the class .
process an attribute event .
unregisters a membership listener
add an sms to the given uri .
present the final image on the screen / viewport .
fetch the next calendar in the iteration
creates a new client request .
removes from the given list the elements at the given indexes . ignores indexes which are out of bounds of list .
creates a new project tree .
determine expressions to ignore .
use interpolator to get t
opens the moderators in the / mods response and outputs the count .
builds the value of depreciation over time
iterates over all values and returns true if one value matches . also see containswithinbounds .
rename a new database row representing the supplied file .
returns true if there is another data in the input stream .
handles the closedselectorexception error of the client
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model .
prints a way to a buffer for printing .
returns a string representation of the data row .
full version of the path .
returns true if there ' s another proxy to try .
returns true if the object was clicked by the camera .
this operation is not supported because pictures are mutable .
gets the measurement for each pattern .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
validate credit card number . - based on luhn formula
extract a zip file from the given directory .
creates a configuration with the default configuration file .
creates a new goto
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sets up the y - axis labels . computes the desired number of labels between the two given extremes . unlike the paparexlabels ( ) method , this method needs to be called upon every refresh of the view .
forges and sends the teardown request
if this is the first time calling this method , the buffer will be checked to make sure it starts with soi marker ( 0xffd8 ) . if the image has been identified as a non - jpeg , data will be ignored and false will be returned immediately on
test deploying a simple ear .
returns the length of this character sequence .
checks whether some other object is " equal to " this comparator .
notify the change listener
an array containing the given key
adds the given listener to the list of diagram change listeners .
calculates a new 3d transformation .
removes leading zeros from string
clears the " hostcontext " system property
p - empirical prior .
add a separator line to the page .
adds a chart chart chart with sample data in the chart .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
accept a data point to plot
create a new sub - overlapping ranges .
support for getparentofnode ; walks a dom tree until it finds the element which owns the attr . this is hugely expensive , and if at all possible you should use the dom level 2 attr . ownerelement ( ) method instead . < p > the dom level 1
creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
tell us whether we are running on macos
returns the number of elements in this array .
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog .
trim whitespace . needed , because of different dbms policies .
add a message to the buffer
dispose - free resources
the result will be positive , if the line is on the left of p_point else negative .
expands the given number string as a real number .
returns a random number from the distribution .
submits a requests for a set of permissions for an activity .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory .
creates a new log file logger .
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for an instantiable relation .
remove a set of operands
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
given a ' from ' pattern ( ala xsl : number ) , a match pattern and a context , find the first ancestor that matches the pattern ( including the context handed in ) .
kill the tcp reader .
this is a facade method for the encoding operation . < p > this method encodes the remaining character sequence of the given character buffer into a new byte buffer . this method performs a complete encoding operation , resets at first , then encodes , and flushes at last
creates a map of dimension field name to dimension field for the given map .
resolve class name to an annotation .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
returns true if the entity is in the pen .
inserts a byte array
tells whether the provided alias exists .
this method will read all the files in the specified subdirectory
helper to validate the contents of an " int " file in an obb . the format of the files are sequential int ' s , in the range of : [ start . . end )
saving method . ( see nbt_tag )
will apply a mask a returns formatresult
computes the duration of the animation .
size + value1 type id + value length + value1 binary content + . . . 4b 4b 4b value1 bytes
reads the header of a bin .
returns a bufferedimage using the specified width level .
pick alignment for each column
