handles return to server configuration page request .
displays the information line label .
releases the data in the buffer .
adds a key - value mapping .
adds a query predicate that must be met by vertices .
write full text to the output stream .
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
enable / disable the export menu .
computes the location on a great circle path ( line of constant azimuth ) between this location and a specified location . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the segment between the two locations . to compute a distance in meters from this value , multiply
write directory post resource
quote the given file into a string .
stop the src speed
checks if we have dragged the ready to run out of the process .
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
sets the supplied calendar object with 0 values for fields lower than hour
repeats the specified substring a list of times .
creates a properties object containing the properties from the given url .
get an empty immutable array .
ensures that the connection is established .
creates an array signature .
returns the long version of the jni function name .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
signal the default group .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
calculates the distance between two widgets ( assumed to be rectangles )
read configurations configuration file .
called internally to fill the given menu . if a sub menu is seen , it will call this recursively .
checks if a term could be stemmed .
check if given string is not empty .
deletes a directory recursively .
parse background color string .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
returns the maximum radius of the ellipse
calculates the sum of a sum of the estimator .
returns the next sequence id .
add a bed header .
removes propertychangelistener from the list of listeners .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
writes vector of opaque values
return the passed in value as a string .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of objects in the iterator , divided by a separator .
update the list of areas
sets the flag which will be used to compute all possible .
remove a text listener
update the traffic that traffic has been updated
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in a populated srdf group .
checks the given bucket name .
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine
remove all local lookup associated with the given locators .
removes an option from file .
bring the given annotation to the back . that annotation will be drawn behind all other annotations as well as recieve events last .
add volumes to consistency group .
builds the volumes used to identify the overall text .
encode single double in big - endian format .
determine if the expression is in plural form .
write log file in format .
loads a new image loader .
stream items with a blocking iterator .
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
analyze the given class and create a " public static final fields .
emit a number of running tasks .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
adjust creature based on the given data
non - dom : check for valid xml characters as per the xml version
read a signed 16 bit value
splits the specified page ranges from a document .
tests comparison of different number of children .
deserialization object from file .
internal method to handle the selections if items are added / removed
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
check if the entity has an async type of misc equipment
disables all buttons in the interface
returns true if this cache has an subject .
retrieves all mailbox dump requests from the given start date .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
analyze the cleanup and events .
loads the lts from the given reader .
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
saves persistent properties to a file .
set up for the tab closing animation
return real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
write packet validation rules to buffer .
construct a cuboid in the given world name and xyz co - ordinates .
starts a udp relay server .
removes a group from this language .
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
parse and return a file .
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
returns true if the
save the indexes to the given list of unique passive .
show the initial image registry .
pack from string into array .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
