called on request from the ui to return to the previous page .
display a line of text in a designated info line .
releases specified byte array
adds a key - value mapping .
adds multiple predicates that much be met by the vertices .
outputs to the final destination as many full line pairs as there are in the pending output , removing those lines from their respective buffers . this method terminates when at least one of the two column buffers is empty .
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
enable / disable the overview menu .
computes the angular distance of the great circle path between this location and a specified location . in radians , this angle is the arc length of the segment between the two locations . to compute a distance in meters from this value , multiply the return value by the radius of the globe . this function uses a spherical model , not elliptical .
write directory post resource
quotes the absolute path of the given file iff it contains whitespace .
perform an emergency stop
check that a number of bookies are available
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
sets the supplied calendar object with 0 values for fields lower than days
repeat the current input list
reads the file at the given location and creates a properties file from the contents .
get an empty immutable array .
initialize , download the regex info into cache
creates a new type signature with the given amount of array nesting added to the given type signature .
creates a unique mangled method name based on the method name and the method parameters .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
create an action with a specific title . < p > note that the argument is the action title , not the title of the resulting frame . perhaps this should be changed ?
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
calculate the gap rectangle between two rectangles
start with the internal default settings , then merge in the settings from any specified configuration file , if available . if it is not explicitly given , then merge in settings from the default configuration file location , if available .
called internally to fill the given menu .
checks a term if it can be processed indexed .
returns true iff str is not an element of array .
deletes a directory recursively .
parse attributes and return adempierecolor
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
returns the default max radius
compute running sum of density values and weights .
gets next id for indexed message id .
add a header with the name and value given . it will be appended to the header string .
remove the provided listener from the receiver .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
writes vector of opaque values
parse the supplied string as a number .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method .
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
converts an iterator to a string by concatenating all of the string representations of objects in the iterator , divided by a separator .
give this list of races , whereas the dialog picks out the one it currently has open ( if present ) .
you can add sections to filter the input specification , so livingdoc will only execute the specified sections .
remove a text listener
update all the traffic projections based on their heading and ground speed
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in an empty srdf group .
validates if given bucket name is dns compatible .
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine that the code is running on .
deletes a set of locators from the managed set of locators , and discards any already - discovered lookup service that corresponds to a deleted locator . for any lookup service that is discarded as a result of an invocation of this method , a discard notification is sent ; and that lookup service will not be eligible for re - discovery ( assuming it is not currently eligible for discovery through other means , such as group discovery ) . < p / > if the empty array is input , this method takes no action .
removes the surrounding quote characters as needed . it first attempts to remove surrounding double quotes . if successful , the resultant string is returned . if no surrounding double quotes are found , it attempts to remove surrounding single quote characters . if successful , the resultant string is returned . if not the original string is returnred .
bring the given annotation to the front . that annotation will be drawn over all other annotations as well as recieve events first .
this method is used for vmax3 to add volumes to parking storage group once volumes are unexported .
build list of currently limited networks , which defines when background data is restricted .
sugar encodes a single point as a byte array
determine if the expression is an animal .
write to file log
just pass http url and then you have to call view ( imageview )
stream the tsdata contents . the stream iterates collection in chronological order , without duplicate timestamps .
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
introspection of the passed in class . analyze the fields of current class and find out the associations of it .
emits any opportunistically available blocks . furthermore , emits blocks until the number of executing tasks is less than taskcountallowed .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
adjust the final number of canopies to match the user - requested number ( if possible )
non - dom : check if value of the comment is well - formed
read a 32 bit signed number
splits the document basing on the given size .
tests comparison of different number of attributes .
deserialization object from file .
internal method to handle the selections if items are added / removed
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
does this ba mount a myomer booster ?
disables all buttons in the interface
determines whether the server can be stopped in - process , such as when a server is embedded in an application and the serverlauncher api is being used .
retrieve all the account info requests from the given start date .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
analyzes all iterations in terms of route choice and travel time
loads the database from the given input stream .
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
saves the currently known settings .
set up for the tab closing animation
returns a random real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
writes this packet to the given buffer
construct a cuboid in the given world and xyz co - ordinates
poller main loop . blocks on port_getn waiting for events and then processes them .
rremoves a debug token
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
read and parse file
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
returns true if the object is a graph with the same content .
commit all index memory changes to disk
shows the initial splash window .
pack from string into array .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
